This is the Navy Broadcasting Service, at 73.2 MHz.
Now follows today's Shipping Forecast issued by the Meteorological Office.
North Sea, strong southerly winds, seven to eight Beaufort, good visibility.
/Hzzt-..bbrr...ghhk../
Dongsan Bay, mild westerly winds, three Beaufort, good visibility.
Boryeong Straits, strong westerly winds, six to seven Beaufort, average visibility.
Sanggyongpyong station shows stormy weather in the region.
Finki Sea, average winds, south-westerly, four Beaufort. Poor visibility.
Kuanhai Bay, calm winds, easterly, good visibility.
/Bzzt-.../
Changsan Archipelago, strong northerly winds, eight to nine Beaufort.
Yamada Straits, storm, southerly, eleven Beaufort.
Mikkelsen Sea, moderate winds, south-southeasterly, five to six Beaufort.
Wishing all Konyanger Mariners safety and luck.
/Hhkkkhhzzt.../
Daiyuan Sea, calm, excellent visibility.
Kamazuki Straits, mild winds, northerly.
This was the Shipping Forecast for our nation's high seas, as issued by the Meteorological Office.
The Navy Broadcasting Service would like to remind our listeners to stay safe.
/Hzzt-..bbrr...ghhk../
Stay safe, stay indoors. Follow all instructions issued by the National Disaster Authority.
For Positronic Citizens: Remain indoors, solid materials weaken the viral signal.
Avoid usage of public chargers.
Run regular diagnostics checks.
If you experience symptoms, report your location to the KRC emergency number and seek immediate assistance.
Time is of the essence. If assistance is unavailable, try the following to prevent yourself from harming others:
Lock yourself indoors.
Strap yourself down or to a chair.
If applicable: switch off locomotive functions.
Do not be afraid: You will be retrieved and repaired.
For everyone else: report locations of suspicious or infected behavior to the KRC emergency number.
Do not attempt to restrain, attack or otherwise interfere with rampant Positronics.
/Hkk..hkkk.../
Assist any Positronics with barricading their home or strapping them safely.
Keep in mind: Positronic friends and family members will not be able to recognise you if they are infected. Do not try to talk, reason or plead with them.
The Konyang Robotics Corporation emergency number is 500-100-500.
This is the Navy Broadcasting Service, at 73.2 MHz.
/Hrrrhhkt.../
You are now listening to the news.
The secretive positronic collectivity "Purpose" has sparked great interest in the scientific community.
Requests for a visit on board one of their vessels have been turned down.
While appearing technologically superior to any known race in the Spur, there are assurances of peace and cooperation with our nation.
Contact with Purpose was first made in 2460, by a corporate vessel in Tau Ceti.
Links between Purpose and the Aoyama Vaults speculated, though unconfirmed.
/Hkkkhhzzt.../
KRC statistics report over ten hundred thousand daily cases. Ten thousand positronics per day making full recoveries.
KRC crisis center network expanding in Shuzu, New Busan, Kangdong, Bupyeong, Onan, Mizukami, Yunfu.
The 55th, 106th and 74th infantry divisions were ordered to deploy to enforce quarantine regulations in New Hong Kong.
Positronic service members confined in barracks pending KRC assessment throughout the Army and Navy.
/...khhbzzzt.../
Konyang Aerospace Forces to intensify patrols in the Haneunim system to crack down on piracy and smuggling.
Foreign and Coalition countries have dispatched messages of support for our nation.
/Bzzt-.../
Prime Minister Myeong Myung-Dae has said that Konyang is not in need of external material assistance at this time.
The Suwon Stock Exchange has entered a temporary pause of services in light of the viral outbreak. Finance Ministry urges calm.
/Hkk..hkkk.../
Severe storms hit the New Kowloon sea wall. Damages reported, but repairs are underway.
In her address to the Yi Sun-sin Naval Academy, admiral Kim Ha-neul urged the new lieutenants to rise up to the difficult current circumstances.
Konyang Army medical personnel have completed training in confronting the new virus.
/Hrrrhhkt.../
The Stellar Corporate Conglomerate's vessel Horizon has arrived in Haneunim to assist in combatting the virus.
Chaos in Boryeong City's Han district, as five infected attack vehicles stopped in traffic. Two deaths, three injuries.
Remote areas of Konyang in additional danger due to distances and lack of supplies, says police.
Retired Commissioner General of Police Li Jincai recalled to service in advisory role.
This is the Navy Broadcasting Service, at 73.2 MHz.
/Khhrrr...khhrrt../
The Meteorological Office has released the 2465-66 seasonal cycle.
The cycle is based upon Qixi's orbital projections and meteorological projections.
Wet Season, starting November 17th, 2465, ending July 29th, 2466.
Flooding period, December 1st to January 27th, 2466.
/Hzzt-..bbrr...ghhk../
High Tide period, January 28th to March 21st.
Highest Tide period, March 22nd to April 29th.
Ebbing High Tide period, April 30th to June 2nd.
Ebbing Flooding period, June 3rd to July 28th.
Dry Season, Ebbing period, July 29th to September 5th.
Low Tide period, September 6th to November 13th, 2466.
Projected highest average wave height during HT period, eight plus minus one meters.
/Hkk..hkkk.../
This is the Navy Broadcasting Service, at 73.2 MHz.
Stay safe, stay indoors.
A one million credit donation to the Navy Rapid Rescue Force by the PACHROM corporation was warmly welcomed by the Chief of Staff.
A plan was released to provide funding for the renovation of 60 ambulance mechs.
Army and National Police vow to "uproot lawlessness" in the bandit-infested Boryeong coasts in 2466.
Foreign workers in KRC or other presently critical posts "will not be forgotten", says Prime Minister.
/Hzzt-..bbrr...ghhk../
Suwon Detention Center No.1 evacuated of its Positronic inmates due to fears of rampancy.
Army Signal Corps to install additional protective infrastructure around Point Verdant districts.
/Bzzt-.../
Warmest wishes from all the staff at the Navy Broadcasting Service.
Dam and hydroelectric station weather review.
Kichi Islands, very strong rain, eight Celcius to twelve Celcius.
Xinhe Islands, strong rain, nine Celcius to fourteen Celcius.
Dongsan Bay, strong rain, five Celcius to ten Celcius.
Sinpo Station, rain, seven Celcius to ten Celcius.
Hoko Station, very strong rain, five Celcius to eight Celcius.
/Hzzt-..bbrr...ghhk../
Qinghe Station, very strong rain, two Celcius to five Celcius. Storm warning.
Wishing all sea station workers safety and luck.
/Hkk..hkkk.../
