78.1 RealFM. Speaking only truths.
I'm Bo Hoon, you're listening to Real Talk on RealFM.
I gotta tell you folks, things are looking worse day after day.
They're going to tell you that the so called hivebot virus were aliens.
Yeah we've heard that story before. But what the hell even /are/ these things?
Now they're finally trying to slowly unveil The Machine, and they dubbed it what, "Purpose"?
I was the one talking about that here TWO YEARS AGO. But NOBODY listened.
Now look where we're at. MILLIONS are getting mind controlled DAILY.
Oh but they won't admit it. The stats the police gives out are a fraud.
THE MACHINE is behind all this. Listen to me. Remember the Glorsh files I uncovered.
The Skrell have planned this virus out to take out our labor force. Humiliate us for embracing IPCs.
ONLY ON REAL FM WILL YOU HEAR THIS.
They got us all figured out. We've walked right into their trap. The Prime Minister is an untagged shell, mind controlled by the Machine.
And NOBODY CARES. NOBODY is doing ANYTHING. Not the courts, not the army, NOBODY.
Now our cities are quarantined and the Skrell laugh.
This Deluge guy that they made? Yeah, the Skrell control him too. With this virus, they tell him to do what he does.
Why? To RUIN the REPUTATION of IPCs, so that humanity can stop making them.
They're trying to make us think they're dangerous.
But the real danger is them. Hivebots? Those little ancient drones?
They're trying to tell us it's a totally new thing. But it's Glorsh-era technology. I know it, I've seen it.
We'll be back after an ad break. STAY TUNED, THERE'S A LOT MORE COMING.
/Hhkkt./
Luxury taste with EYE. The top Brandy marque on Konyang.
Pack big, pack hard. Show them who's boss with ARMLIFE Hunting Rifles.
/Brrrtbr../
AlterPaste Nanopaste allows you and your loved ones anonymous and at-home repairs!
Tsunamis and floods are no joke on Konyang. With BunkerDown Tech products, you too can purchase your own underground evacuation facility.
BunkerDown Tech Survive Deluxe now provides more worth for half the price. Antibiotics pack included.
/Hhhkhh../
I'm Bo Hoon, we're back at Real Talk.
I'd like to personally thank BunkerDown Tech for sponsoring our broadcast since the day we started.
There isn't many out there willing to bear the truth these days.
Anyway, since I've gotten some messages regarding what I said before about the virus.
There's sheep out there that still think this is just a "phase" or whatever.
They're dipshits. Yeah I said it, and I'll eat the fine I don't care!
That's the only way you can describe someone this stupid. THE WORLD IS FALLING APART, WAKE UP.
There's TANKS on the streets, Government House in Suwon is protected by MECHS.
Real Army stuff. The Navy is shutting down the shipping lanes. They want to paralize EVERYTHING.
I'm telling you, life after this won't be the same. We'll all be looking over our shoulder.
That's what they're trying to do with this. The Machine has come at us with full force.
I have a friend, he said he saw an old lady getting her face TORN APART by a G2. It's nuts out there.
And now they're sending the... what was it called again? The Horizon? To save us.
They are controlled by NANOTRASEN, WAKE UP.
With Skrell made technology to "save us" from the virus. I'm telling you, the Electronic Countermeasures Device will fry our brains.
They won't target IPCs anymore. They will target our brains with human-sensitive radiowaves.
They want to destabilize our country. EXACTLY like they did to Sol.
Did you ever wonder how a literal GIANT like Sol fell apart?
Ever wonder who stands to benefit from the breakup of Humanity like that?
Yeah, the Skrell. Bingo. And all their corporate puppets.
I'm telling you guys, Einstein is the only one fighting them. That's why they treat them like outcasts.
The Phoenixport purchase for example. Their phoney courts ripped it off Einstein's hands.
/Hkkhhhht..../
Alex Mason made a phonecall, and bam, Tau Ceti fell on its knees before him and Trasen.
Of course our government didn't do anything. They were obviously too busy getting scammed by the PM.
So was our entire nation, and now it is too late.
You know what, the guys in the coasts of north Boryeong, I get them now.
I used to think they're scum and pirates and all that.
But they're actually the most free out of all of us.
You're listening in at 78.1 RealFM, keeping it real and until after the break!
/Hhkmmkt../
ARMLIFE wet season gear are now out. Seek our new boot collection.
Escape to VYSOKA with Getaway! The practical shuttleline.
Legal Optics offers professional legal services to citizens of all backgrounds.
AlterPaste Nanopaste allows you and your loved ones anonymous and at-home repairs!
Pack big, pack hard. Show them who's boss with ARMLIFE Hunting Rifles.
/Hrrhhhkt./
Don't think twice, Gear up at ARMLIFE!
Alright, we're back. I'm Bo Hoon, and something big just came in.
I was informed by my associates... that the new AlkaSerum is out.
You know what AlkaSerum is? I'll tell you. It's ESSENTIAL that's what it is.
It's a cream made out of alkalines and meshed up metals, backed up by real science.
It's designed to stop any interfering signals from reaching the positronic.
Simply take some in your fingers, and apply it over the IPC's head.
Trust me when I say this, it REDUCES the chances of infection by EIGHTY PERCENT.
And it's not me, again, it's real science. The tests speak for themselves.
And for this broadcast, whoever calls within the next TWENTY MINUTES can get AlkaSerum for ONLY 79.99.
CALL 988-043-100 NOW to get your AlkaSerum. Man, the price is GOOD!
Because we here at Real FM don't put a price on safety.
We're not like others, we fight back against The Machine and those that want to tear down our SOCIETY.
Call now at 988-043-100. That is 988-043-100.
/Hhhrkkhtzt..../
And remember. If you see these hivebots, shoot them down where they are.
Nothing better than some ARMLIFE firepower in these trying times.
Folks. We got to keep safe.
The ministry will tell you to keep your distance and stuff like that. Nah, that doesn't work.
Me? I barricade my windows. Wooden planks and a layer of tinfoil behind it.
It stops all electromagnetic radiation from even getting close.
I honestly think it's time everyone woke up and banded together over this.
We have to protect our loved ones and ourselves from the virus.
To hell with all the politicians, this is real war.
They want to TEAR US APART. We won't let them. No Sir.
/Khkhh..hrtt.../
You heard that?
Thought I heard something. Weird.
Stay tuned.
Pack big, pack hard. Show them who's boss with ARMLIFE Hunting Rifles.
Escape to VYSOKA with Getaway! The practical shuttleline.
Luxury taste with EYE. The top Brandy marque on Konyang.
Tsunamis and floods are no joke on Konyang. With BunkerDown Tech products, you too can purchase your own underground evacuation facility.
Don't think twice, Gear up at ARMLIFE!
