[RANDOMNOTE] An orchestra plays an introduction tune[RANDOMNOTE]
Good morning, fellow comrades! It is a fine day here in Nal’tor and we at KGTW-11 hope that wherever they are, they are having a fine day too. 
First, on our program, the mahmrro match between the Ministry of Education Club and the MC Kosmosnaut ended in a startling close victory for the MC Kosmosnaut. 
The Ministry of Education Club held a strong lead over the MC Kosmosnaut with several early goals from across the field, but MC Kosmosnaut closed the gap swiftly in the third quarter. 
In the last quarter, MC Kosmosnaut player Homor Zkirmir made a beautiful shot from across the entire field and scored an amazing final goal. 
The Ministry of Education Club joined with MC Kosmosnaut to celebrate their victory, showing strong values as an example for our nation’s youth. 
[RANDOMNOTE] An orchestra plays a transitory music sting[RANDOMNOTE]
Comrades, this one has a question for all those listening. 
In this era of technological progress, why settle for weakened bodies?
The ministry of technology has achieved great things in our state, and the bounty is available for all under the Party to enjoy!
Tesla limbs empower the weak and make the able-bodied even better. 
We see it among our fellows in the workplace and in our social lives. 
See your local office about tesla limb implantation. Priority is given to the disabled, but the able bodied can always apply! 
[RANDOMNOTE] An orchestra plays a transitory music sting[RANDOMNOTE]
Our great President Hadii has once again proven the greatness of the nation today.
Mining production is up in the heartlands region with new productivity alongside greater worker safety. 
This is attributed to our leader’s strong mind, as President Hadii negotiated harshly with NanoTrasen for better equipment in the nation’s mines. 
Miners report better conditions, more happiness, and fulfillment.
President Hadii even visited several mines to see how things have improved himself
Miners cheered for the humble President, and several of the best workers were allowed to meet with him. 
[RANDOMNOTE] An orchestra plays a transitory music sting[RANDOMNOTE]
New public security measures implemented in the nation’s rural areas have led to better and safer lives for citizens. 
The People’s Strategic Intelligence Service report that new agent tactics have greatly helped in stopping subversive elements and locating criminal enterprises. 
This fight against criminality and subversion cannot be possible without the assistance of the people, remember to report all unusual activity to your local police force. 
[RANDOMNOTE] An orchestra plays a transitory music sting[RANDOMNOTE]
Development on Hro’zamal is continuing at a steady pace. 
The attacks by bandits in the jungles are gradually lowering thanks to the effort of the Kosmostrelki. 
Colonialists are reporting better crop yields to help support the Hro’zamal soda industry that people spur-wide rely on for excellent product. 
With this prosperity comes the need for more workers! 
Hro’zamal is a testing ground for all those Hadiists who wish to prove themselves. 
It is good to labour for the Party to advance our hold on the stars. 
See your local office about signing up for the colonization program. 
[RANDOMNOTE] An orchestra plays a transitory music sting[RANDOMNOTE]
Yasmin Piaf, darling of our nation, may soon have competition for her place at the top. 
New music artists are appearing more and more each year. 
This new wave is much different from their predecessors. 
Gentle singing and traditional music are pulling back as electro-swing, synth, and even rock top the charts among our nations’ youth.
[RANDOMNOTE] An orchestra plays a transitory music sting[RANDOMNOTE]
