[RANDOMNOTE] /The State Anthem of the People's Republic of Adhomai plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Hadii's Graces, comrade. This is the Voice of the Tajaran People speaking!
Pay attention to the official broadcast brought to them by the Party!
They will start with the news of the day.
First, the report of today's Party meeting.
President Hadii has granted further funds for research, education, security, agriculture, industry, defense, and space exploration.
Their great leader, President Hadii, continues to work towards their future!
Headmaster Harrrdanim Tyr'adrr reports a decrease in dissident activity.
However, these reports do not mean it is time to rest. Citizens must report all dissident behavior!
Party Secretary Yakiv Hadii announced Tomorrow's Gate is near completion.
Party Secretary Yakiv Hadii has signed a deal with the Stellar Corporate Conglomerate to commemorate the Bluespace Gate in an event involving the SCC flagship, SCCV Horizon.
Minister of Defense Irbaykhan Mirarkiizar agrees to work with the Ministry of Technology to improve Tesla prosthetic distribution.
New training regimes have been signed to improve trooper performance.
Minister of Technology Zhuldyz Hadii confirms the successful transition of multiple Tesla laboratories towards medical application research.
Minister of Education Kalim Khazdar reports record high testing scores across the nation! Additionally, the minister signed new school construction on Hro'zamal.
The nation thanks the Party for its efforts towards building Hadiism!
They have news from Tampiska, Al'mari, and Chaniska!
Hephaestus Industries and the Kahskaal Melhaltra'n Ardii Tampiska have expanded manufacturing in the Tamparii region.
Chaniska Elekhaltraii reports a new completion date for the Atomiye Elekmelhal nuclear powerplant. Under budget and sooner than before, Hadiist progress abound!
Al'mari has announced a series of new apartment construction. Applications are open for new units start early Menshe-Aysaif.
Now a reminder from the Party to its people!
The partnership between their nation and the intergalactic intensities is a fruitful one.
If they wish to seek further knowledge to help them at home, consider signing up to work with the Stellar Corporate Conglomerate today!
They will see the galaxy and will return as a labor hero to home!
Now some production reports from the backbone of the nation, our farms.
The N'fri-hi harvest has seen a rise of 115% since the last year!
Chemical analyses report that this year's Nm'shaan harvest has produced one of the purest sugars of the past decade!
The Ministry of Agriculture released last season's audit, showing the highest production numbers since the founding of the nation!
The Ministry of Technology and Ministry of Economy released a report that over two thirds of Hadiist farmland is mechanized with the latest technologies.
Thanks to the masterful work of their farmers, they will continue to break records.
Now some updates concerning the ongoing housing programs!
All urban zones are now considered homeless-free!
Expansive housing systems, and planning of future growth, by the Ministry of Economy has found a home for all urban citizens.
Collaboration with the Ministry of Internal Affairs has found a home and workplace for every Tajara.
According to latest records, the Republic has less than 1% unemployment.
Now they will listen to one of President Hadii's glorious speeches.
This one was made in 2451 shortly after the Armistice:
[RANDOMNOTE] /The State Anthem of the People's Republic of Adhomai plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
“Fellow Tajara, they have gathered here to celebrate the peace among all Tajara.
For 10 years they have fought to keep the flame of Hadiism alive, and they have been victorious. 
Through the determination and heroism of their people and allies, they have stopped those who tried to destroy the dreams of a united and free Tajaran people. 
Even when Adhomai and its people are not together, as it was during the times of Al'Mari, they will continue to strive for this ideal!
/The sound of a crowd cheering and clapping interrupts the speech for multiple minutes./
“The People’s Republic of Adhomai will continue to unite all Tajara under its banner, even the ones living outside of our system, so they may secure their destiny in this universe. 
Let it be known to their allies and enemies; the victory of Hadiism is inevitable, and every citizen of their glorious Republic will fight for it!”
/The ovation from the crow continues./
[RANDOMNOTE] /The State Anthem of the People's Republic of Adhomai plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Comrades, listening to President Hadii's speeches is a great honor.
His words fill their hearts with great determination and hope.
This speech will also be transmitted to their telescreens and extranet-connected devices today!
Let them continue working hard for the People's Republic.
The future is Hadiist!