[RANDOMNOTE] /A symphony of traditional Tajaran instruments plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
They are tuned into Radio Free Adhomai, the radio station for all news that's fit for them!
There is much to cover today, and there will be a talk show after the news, so stay tuned in!
Moving onto the news.
The government has been in discussion about training the young generation of Tajara.
Education is paramount for the future of the Democratic Republic, President Almrah Harrlala said.
To ease access to higher education, the government has considered subsidising certain courses.
After discussion, the civilian administration has decided to lead the way.
Applicants to the Shastar Technical University and Trizar State Medical Academy will receive financial support.
If they or their children are interested in higher education, now is the perfect time to apply.
Junta leaders were asked to follow the same principles in their territory.
The yearly Sren'dul arts & crafts festival is happening soon.
Organisers have said that twenty more stalls were booked this year.
They are expecting a very successful festival compared to last year, and invite all who can to visit.
A Hadiist expedition was launched to climb Mount Zho'takh, a mountain in the North Pole.
They are saying that climbing a derelict hill will prove the power of Hadiist science.
Meanwhile, Kandaza J'shar, a civilian representative of the Liberation Army Navy North Pole expedition, reports success.
They have found a treasure trove of artifacts in some recovered ships.
These artifacts will be sorted, researched, catalogued in Crevus, and will then be granted to museums.
The Tajara will be able to see and learn about their heritage and achievements, Kandaza said.
Lastly, a reminder for those traveling to Gakal'zaal or Tau Ceti.
Be sure to bring correct documentation and spare money. Book safe transport identified as DPRA ships.
Pirates and other dangers recognise DPRA ships and will leave them alone.
Even Unathi pirates do not want to upset the mighty Spacer Militia.
That is it for news for now. After a few sponsors, Kirnkar will broadcast his daily talk show.
[RANDOMNOTE] /A symphony of traditional Tajaran instruments plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Ride in style with a Shastar-17 - the reliable vehicle fit for any challenge. New trims are now available.
Get the latest technology and consumer products with Thaki! From refrigerators to televisions for every wallet.
Looking to upgrade for home defense or hunting? Look no further than Shastar Defense! Affordable and reliable weapons and accessories for all.
[RANDOMNOTE] /Instruments with synth beats play an intro sequence./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Hello everyone! Thanks for tuning into Radio Free Adhomai. They are listening to Kirnkar, and they are about to hear the nation's favourite talk show.
Today's topic will be very interesting, and he is excited to hear what they think.
Remember, when they hear the tone, they can call into the radio channel and speak with him, so keep their ears listening!
The topic for today will be the state of Adhomai.
Even if there is an Armistice, it is no doubt going to be temporary. The Liberation Army is making great strides in technology.
Everyone is preparing, and it is the ingenuity that true Tajaran engineering will be the one with cutting edge.
The bunch of squabbling nobles in the Kingdom are too busy selling their own land and people to megacorporations to invest in their future.
Meanwhile, the Hadiists are doing the same in exchange for alien technology.
Only the Democratic Republic remains without alien influence and has the dignity to do it themselves, preparing in a superior way only a Tajara can.
He is not even going to comment on the royalists, they are a lost cause as soon as the war reignites.
Hadiists, meanwhile, have "mechs" and "lasers" and whatever other fancy, unreliable alien technology their masters make.
How many times do they think those things are going to break in a single battle? Fire a rifle ten times and they have to run away. Hah!
But the truth of it is, and this is a sad one. Humans, Skrell, and all these other aliens are trying to interfere against a free Adhomai.
They are giving weapons, and technology to other nations. Why?
Well, the answer is in front of them. Look at the Hadiists.
Most factories they have? Owned by NanoTrasen. The workers there are Tajara, and get paid next to nothing.
Where do products go? To aliens. Not to be used at home.
Mines and other natural resources? They guessed it. Aliens. It all gets exported to them.
What do the Tajara get out of this? Wow, a gun that can fire twice before breaking or running out of charge. A mech that stands three times as tall as a tank.
And they are branding this as Hadiist science, by the way. The corporate rafama giving them some paper blueprint trash is laughing very hard.
Look at the royalists, too. They have a mountain range full of minerals, gems, and the like - Zarr'jirah.
The royalist mines, where mortality rates are the highest of basically any place, who gets them?
The Tajara who mined them? No. Idris Incorporated. They signed a deal and even bragged about "cooperation" where they export all the gems out of the planet.
No Tajara will ever see them, it is for some human who will never appreciate it. A cheap corporate product for some nose-picking executive.
But this is in their nature. Humans, for example, if they aren't aware? They once had fur.
Why are they hairless now? Because they evolved to take everything they can, instead of living in harmony.
They killed many, many species to extinction on their own planet. Ruined the ecology. Took what they wanted and discarded the rest.
They don't need fur if they can simply steal it from somewhere else. That is their whole nature and extends to even now.
Look at the Unathi, they did the same. Much like Adhomai with Almarii's assassination because he would not bend over to aliens, they did the same there.
Caused a nuclear war that destroyed their planet. And now the survivors were in need of help. And who came to help? The corporations who started it.
Now they own the entire planet. All the money, the resources? They took it for themselves.
Those survivors? Now employees, thanking their alien benefactors for saving them from something the aliens started in the shadows.
And this is the unfortunate truth. Adhomai, with alien-worshipping leaders like Njadrasanukii Hadii and whatever inbred royalist there is now?
It is being lost. And the only way to avoid the same fate as the Unathi is to take up arms and prevent them from being present on this wonderful, blessed globe.
Adhomai and the Tajara need to stand strong, to counter the shadow influence that the aliens cast. To leave the Tajara to craft their fate.
So he wants them to tell him what they think.
[RANDOMNOTE] A single musical note plays. [RANDOMNOTE]
/Hello?/
Welcome! He is live on Radio Free Adhomai. What's his name?
/Sirgi. He comes from Dolor./
Well, Sirgi. What does he think about the reality of Adhomai?
/He finds it miserable, in all honesty. To see aliens jingle a coin pouch and idiots falling down while chasing after it./
/He hopes that the Liberation Army strikes soon. The longer it takes, the more these aliens can profit from misery./
/Why keep waiting? They are actively making things worse for everyone. He thinks all the aliens and cooperators who participated in this should be shot and hung./
They raise a good point! Thanks for his time, Sirgi.
Those who pervert Adhomai and sell it away will face the consequences as soon as the war starts. The true Tajara will rise against the alien menace.
And if they intervene, history has already shown that they are not as capable as Tajara.
Look at the S'randmarr Coalition! The Hadiists begged their overlord to send help, and they sent many soldiers.
Most of them died in two months, with more casualties than anyone else during the second revolution.
Ask a veteran from the revolution who fought against them - easy pickings. They couldn't match a Tajara.
But in the end, where the aliens find cheap labour and free money to pad their wallets, they will end up with a gun against their heads.
Well, wishful thinking. Aliens are too scared to deal with directly. It will be all the dead lackeys and destroyed ships that will send them to be homeless.
Hopefully, they starve.
[RANDOMNOTE] /Instruments with synth beats play an outro sequence./ [RANDOMNOTE]