[RANDOMNOTE] /Calm orchestral music starts playing as an intro./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Welcome, listeners. They are tuned into the Crown Herald, the voice of the Crown.
The Crown Herald will first broadcast the parliamentary decisions made today.
The contracting of additional canning factories was approved in order to relieve stress on the army.
Field-Marshal Vyakelas Klyuchevsky stated that food rations are limited in variety.
He has also mentioned that stockpiles must be higher to be prepared for war.
The Field-Marshal has offered a public contract bid for canning factories to produce more variants.
The motion has passed parliament after a presentation on the issue and its effect on morale.
Companies are encouraged to place bids to the Army to establish contracts for rations.
A tax relief has been discussed for entrepreneurs to encourage them to establish businesses.
Everyone has a duty to the country, and this will help them establish companies, said Prince Serhiy Oliinyk.
Grand Duke Akym Yudenikh criticised the tax relief, stating that it would be a large financial burden.
He has offered to instead restrict it to a smaller group - nobility who do not own land.
After intense discussion, the motion passed with the offered alteration.
Unlanded nobles who do not own a business will obtain tax relief for two years after establishing one.
Queen Shumaila has said that she hopes this will encourage the unlanded nobility to contribute their part.
Count Tscherim Sanguszkho has offered a motion to establish archeological dig sites in the North Pole.
The Count was questioned as there were no known archeological finds in the North Pole.
He has responded to the questioning that the ancient Tajara have a base there and that they have not found it yet.
It is hidden in the mountain with advanced cloaking technology, and the count went into detail about how it worked.
After a long explanation without being allowed interjection, Queen Shumaila called for order in the parliament.
The motion was declined after a quick voting session.
That is all the parliamentary decisions today.
Now, a speech from Queen Shumaila Azunja:
/As the year spins into 2466, the New Kingdom is growing stronger than ever./
/With respectful growth and innovation, the Kingdom has achieved many milestones recently./
/The bunker project is proceeding well, and they will have safety in the event of war./
/The mercantile fleet has established the Kingdom's presence beyond the borders of the nation./
/New diplomatic relations have been forged with the Spur, and the benefits will soon blossom./
/With all that in mind, the future is ripe for everyone in the Kingdom./
/There will be many more opportunities to contribute to the nation, the crown, and the people./
/She invites everyone to listen to new developments on the channel, and in the Royal Telegraph./
/Remember that everyone does their part to turn the wheels in the New Kingdom./
[RANDOMNOTE] /Calm orchestral music starts playing as an outro./ [RANDOMNOTE]
