[Musical Jingle]
“Hello, and welcome back to the Xanu News Service’s broadcasting program, bringing you the most important stories from around the Spur. I’m your host, Pierre Fontaine.
“We now first to Gyu-ri Park on Konyang, where the All-Xanu Republic has recently decided to provide orbital defense missiles.”
[Muffled Voices]
“Thank you, Pierre. Reaction to the missile sale has been positive across Konyang with the notable exception of some Solarian loyalists who believe the Republic seceded from the Alliance illegally.
“Additionally, the Solarian consulate in Suwon has condemned the move as an aggressive gesture in a period of heightened tensions.”
“Have there been any further incidents in Ushishir following the recent high-profile assassination attempt against its police chief?”
“Tensions in New Hokkaido have remained high following the shooting, a rare occurrence on Konyang, and have led many to ask the government how an organized criminal group acquired a military handgun.
“Some are concerned more weapons may have been taken from military storehouses during the Rampancy Crisis.”
“This handgun that was used in the crime, do we know anything more about it?”
“We do: AXPSO investigators have traced it to a military warehouse in Suwon that was destroyed in 2465 in a fire assumed to have been started by a rampant synthetic.
“Several crates of firearms were unrecovered following the incident and were assumed to have been destroyed in the fire.”
“And the fear is these guns are now in circulation among criminals?”
“That’s correct.”
“Thank you, Gyu-ri.”
“Of course.”
…Fzzzzhhhtttt…
“Welcome back to the XNS. Last year the Vysokan mining community of Sevaschaiv was the site of one of the worst mining accidents in the 25th century Coalition.
“In the intervening months the city has struggled with an economic downturn due to the closure of the Iijoki Iron Mine.
“Our reporter, Anu Khulan, has this story from the city.”
[Industrial Sounds]
“Sevaschaiv is one of Vysoka’s industrial centers, and the city voted most polluted in the Coalition for five years running.
“Recently its steel industry, which employs many, took a hit with the Iijoki Iron Mine disaster of 2467.
“A blast furnace operator speaking to the XNS described the accident as, ‘terrible,’ and, ‘a blow to the reputation of the industry.
“He fears the mine will be closed permanently due to its damage and safety concerns.
“Mine authorities are currently investigating what went wrong in Iijoki, but many residents here blame Himeo for the accident.
“With Xanan security contractors helping keep a fragile peace, all eyes are on an ongoing investigation into the source of the fatal blast.
“For the XNS I’m Anu Khulan, Sevaschaiv, Vysoka.”
…bzzzzhhhtttt…
“Welcome back to the XNS. As Xanu looks towards the 2470 election many in the Republic are wondering which of the four major parties will emerge victorious and become our next president.
“For more insight on this topic Marie van Reijnen, one of our lead political reporters, joins us in the studio. Marie, thank you for joining us.”
“Thank you for inviting me here — it’s so gracious I’ll forgive you for not calling the Beer Lover’s League a major party.”
[Laughter]
“I’ll try to make it up to them with some after-shift purchasing. Moving on, what can you tell us about the parties right now?”
“As you know the Free League controls the presidency and, historically, the incumbent party generally has an easier time staying in power.
“But at the same time they also take the blame for any events, even ones out of their control.”
“Such as the phoron crisis.”
“Precisely. But at the same time we can’t deny President Afzal and the League kept us out of a wider conflict during the Alliance’s civil war.
“I’m sure many of our listeners remember the tense meetings over it in Nouvelle-Rochelle.”
“The meetings where some delegates came to blows, correct?”
“Exactly correct. The Free League’s numbers have fallen from the historic highs of 2465, but they’re still quite robust for an incumbent party during an economic slowdown.”
“And what about the PDP?”
“I think out of all the major opposition parties it has the best chance of capturing the presidency.
“If they can capture the resentment building due to economic problems relating to phoron, they have a good chance.
“We have to remember they were a close second in the 2465 election even with President Afzal’s foreign policy wins. With the economic situation being worse, this could be their year.
“However, their softer policy on Dominia could be a weakness in a period of increasing Sol-Dominia ties and Elyran weakness,”
“And the other two, Invincible Xanu and the Socialists?”
“I think any Coalition-skeptic party is facing an uphill struggle in the next election due to interstellar tensions. The IXP’s also got a dirty reputation from the football riots in Nouvelle-Rochelle last year.
“So, we likely won’t see President Begam sworn in in ‘71.”
“Maria, thank you for your time. We appreciate you being here even with the election still over a year away.”
“I’m happy to be here.”
…bzzzzhhhhtttt…
“We go now to Assunzione, where recent increases in piracy have led to Assumzionii feeling an economic squeeze as some goods have become increasingly expensive.
“Our correspondent, Antonio Pascal, has this story from Triesto.”
“Here in the Beacon of Light’s Edge, increasing prices have the economic state of some looking increasingly dim.
“Fatima Halimi, managing director of a shipping firm, says the company’s fortunes have taken a turn for the worse since piracy increased earlier this year.”
“It’s— it’s difficult, especially when you rely on warp drives instead of BSDs, to stay black with the level of piracy we’re facing.
“Obviously, nobody wants to lay people off, but the environment is difficult now.
“It’s even worse for independent contractors like ship operators. They’re in dark waters.”
“Have you heard anything about these alleged incidents of disappearing vessels?”
“Some, uh, but not a lot. People — sailors especially — like to blame the Sea for everything that goes wrong.
“The simple truth is space is large and easy to disappear in.”
“Goods imported to Assunzione have been especially hard hit by the recent shopping problems, which has benefitted some local firms.
“But with much of the planet’s economy rotating around the high-tech and pharmaceutical industries, both requiring imports, the economic future of the Republic is murky indeed.”
“Antonio Pascal, XNS, the Republic of Assunzione.”
…fffzzzrrrttt…
“Abroad, domestic tensions continue to trouble the Republic of Elyra. Our reporter, Khalida Nabhani, was denied entry to the Serene Republic due to her Himean citizenship.
“She joins us in the studio now. Khalida, welcome to the XNS News Hour.
“Thanks Pierre. Even though we’ve hung up the gloves on the visa issue, I’m still happy to talk about Elyra.”
“Let’s get to it: as a subject matter expert on labor relations, why is Elyra facing such a challenge right now?”
“That’s a big question to answer. In short, Elyra is a very exclusionary state: it’s much harder to get citizenship there than anywhere else aside from the Empire.
“Worsening this situation is that non-citizens are generally excluded from government services.
“So most of its immigrant population has almost no hope of achieving anything in their lives except low-level labor. Many of them have nowhere to go and often come from worlds conquered by Dominia.”
“Do you believe there is a single point where the situation begins to fall apart, or is this a gradual process?”
“A crisis such as what Elyra is facing generally comes from multiple sources, though we often assign one a priority. It’s easier for us to comprehend it that way.
“I believe the gradual criminalization of NCP lifestyle behavior combined with economic stresses was what led to the crisis being ‘ready to go.’
“The violent response to a labor protest on Aemaq last year was the spark that ignited the current fire. Extending their draft to non-citizen workers added more fuel to it.
“I don’t think we’ll see a change to Elyra’s situation without major changes, and they seem to lack the political will to do so.”
“Thank you for your time and insight, Khalida. It’s always a pleasure to have you on the show.”
“Of course, Pierre. For my Himean comrades, here’s a summary: Elyra coal-headed and tossing petrol around the devil’s kitchen.”
[both laughing]
…bzzzhhhtttt…
