…kkkssshhhttt…
[upbeat jingle]
“Hi, and welcome back to DomeChat, coming to you from our studio in bright and shiny Triesto.
“I’m your host, Aria Ficatelli, bringing you the voices and news of our home!
“For our first guest of the day I’d like to extend a warm welcome to Keeper Alessandra Vaccari, of the Saint Mataenia Chapel. Keeper Vaccari, thank you for coming into DomeChat!”
“Thank you for your hospitality. Ennoia’s blessings upon you and your audience, Aria.”
“Ennoia’s blessings, Keeper. So! Today’s topic of discussion: local sailors’ families are concerned about the Sea. What are you and the chapel doing to, well, to assist them?”
“Saint Mataenia’s is a small chapel, but — as you know — we’re in the port district near, uh, Port Volturno by tram, so we deal with a lot of sailors.
“It’s nothing new for us and we often send our staff into their ships to bless them before they leave port.
“The blessings we give to these ships grant them the protection of Ennoia and the Guardians as they venture into the dark unknown.”
“Thank you, Keeper. Just one more question.”
“Of course.”
“Does Saint Mataenis’ have any involvement with a,  euh, a company known as ‘Nightsafe’? The personal safety company?”
“We’ve provided them with some blessed cards, which is what we typically do when asked by a business.
“Neither myself nor the chapel endorse their product or company.”
“Thank you, Keeper. We’re going to have to go on a short commercial break, so stay tuned! We’ll be right back!”
…ffffssssshhhtttt…
“Imagine yourself, under the beautiful sun, on a warm beach…
“Relaxing in the white sand…
“Surely it’s just a dream, right…?”
“Wrong! I’m Nadia Akman, with Idris Incorporated’s Assunzione branch, and my office is here to make your vacation getaway plans a reality.
“Concerned about the price? Why not consider our Pay-a-Vacay loan program? It has one of the highest rates of payment for any loan in the Spur!
“Worried about transit? Don’t be! Our synthetic and human security personnel are the best and most courteous in the Spur.
“So what are you waiting for? Book today!”
[musical chime] “Idriiiiis~” [musical chime]
[disclaimers spoken so rapidly as to be entirely incomprehensible]
…kkklssshhhhttt….
“Welcome back to DomeTalk!
“Up next we’ve got a very special guest: Malik Zampini, managing director for the Triesto Cross-Dome Rail System. Director, welcome to DomeTalk!”
“Thanks!”
“So, director, before we take some calls, what are your general thoughts on the CDRS?”
“Well Aria, I believe the System is performing as expected. Delays remain minimal and our expansions for this year are proceeding well, such as the renovations to Triesto Interstellar Shuttleport’s main and secondary stations.
“We’re wrapping up the secondary station’s renovations in August so travelers have a station to rely on while we close parts of the main station.
“Our first priority is the convenience of the system for our citizens.”
“Thanks director. Now, let’s take some calls! First up is Fatima, from the Alexandria District.”
“Hi Aria! Can you hear me?”
“We can!”
“Great! I, uh, just wanted to ask Director Zampini about a weird thing I saw on the train from Port Volturno.
“There was this empty car with a…
“Ennoia, it makes me sound crazy, but there was a giant insect wearing Zeng-Hu clothes in one of the cars, all alone!
“What was it, and should I have called the police?”
“Thank you Fatima! Director?”
“That’s, uh, likely a vaurca from one of the corporate ships. They’re an alien species from…
“I believe they were first encountered in Tau Ceti?
“They’re not illegal but they can be weird to encounter. You don’t have to call the police though.”
“Alright. Next up is Florent, Cathedral District.”
“Hi. Are there any plans to renovate the stations in my district? Some of the stations are showing their age. That’s all, thank you and Ennoia’s blessings upon you.”
“Ennoia’s blessings Florent. Director?”
“Ennoia’s blessings. We’ll be doing some renovations in that district this year, but most are scheduled for 2469. Some areas in the Warding District or Magenta District are in dire, dire need of renovation.”
“Thank you, director. I believe that’s all the time we have!”
“Thank you for having me.”
“Keep your hand from the dial and stay tuned, because we’ll be right back!”
…ssshhhrrrttt…
“Are you in need of some quick cash?
“Are you just a little bit short of affording a new addition to your house?
“Why not apply for a loan using a trusted financial advisor of Idris Incorporated, the Spur’s preferred bank?”
“Idris helped me afford my first car!”
“They helped me build a new room for my baby girl.”
“Idris helped me afford some synthetic repairs during a tough time.”
“Hi! Anton Mokrani, one of Idris’ financial advisors. We live, work, and come from Triesto: the same city you do.
“Trust us to help you. Trust Idris to bring you to a better future.”
[musical chime] “Idriiiiis~” [musical chime]
[disclaimers spoken so rapidly as to be entirely incomprehensible]
…fssshhhtttt…
