87.5, Mendell City Bugle FM. Bringing you the latest news, 24/7, straight from the Capital of the Cosmos.
(A bugle sounds triumphantly.)
17 degrees and windy tonight as a night of heavy traffic brings closure to the city's bustle once more.
New this week, the SCC flagship Horizon arrives in Tau Ceti after a lengthy aid campaign to help the Coalition world of Konyang from the Rampancy crisis, a digital pandemic that infected millions of IPCs.
Thousands of Mendell residents with Konyang ancestry prepare to depart Biesel to say hello to friends and family from home after months of uncertainty.
The SCC says it plans to moor the Horizon for a short period of time before embarking on its mission to explore new frontiers.
Konyang was first affected by the Rampancy crisis in February, when alien transmissions invaded IPCs' minds and turned them feral and deadly.
These transmissions originated from the Hivebots, an extragalactic robotic faction with unknown, but hostile, intentions.
Following efforts by the government to quarantine them, a task force was assembled that included the Konyang military, Einstein Engines, the SCC, and an enigmatic ally of also-synthetic origin known as Purpose.
Just a few weeks ago, the crisis ended when a task force team, consisting of Konyang soldiers and crew from the Horizon, raided an enemy-controlled nuclear power plant and destroyed the source of the Rampancy crisis's transmissions.
Miraculously, no deaths from the task force were reported, and the signal was destroyed.
While the planet eases back into normalcy, though, they grapple now with the knowledge that hundreds were maimed and thousands of IPCs destroyed.
On the world of Konyang, every synthetic is free, and its inhabitants look to them as friends and family; friends and family lost in the pandemic.
The Coalition of Colonies is working to deliver aid to Konyang after the latter's government refused external help for months.
Stay tuned for more updates on Konyang and the aftermath of the crisis.
Residents of the Starlight Zone mourn the loss of Qzheni'eni Rulla, 203, a prominent Skrell political activist who campaigned for better living conditions of the Zone and its inhabitants.
Rulla, who campaigned against the Nralakk Federation's policies, rose to fame after giving a moving speech to the Zone's inhabitants in 2459.
The body is pending autopsy, as authorities from the Mendell City Police Department negotiate with the local Xii'Eyes neighborhood watch group for a handover of the body, one that is being met with friction from the locals.
In a statement, Rift Watcher Kalq'Qi Weibii, who is friends with Rulla, expressed sorrow and mourning, and wished for Skrell in Mendell City to undertake a moment of silence for them.
We will return to the news after these short messages.
...
Celestial Cruises is proud to offer new Century Cruises, long-duration trips that span the Spur, for those who want to get away from it all for just a bit longer. Servicing both Biesel and the Coalition.
Offering one-month, three-month, and six-month getaways for competitive prices, with luxurious amenities to make sure you don't miss a beat.
See the lush islands of Port Antillia, the rich rolling fields of Vysoka, and the ethereal lights of Assunzione - and so much more. Complimentary tours and hotels are included.
A galaxy of adventures awaits. /Celestial Cruises: A subsidiary of Idris Incorporated./
The Langenfeld EVO is the everyman's answer to affordable, easy transportation. Just point the wheel, and press the pedal.
Before you know it, you're coasting on the streets in quiet comfort.
Full self driving available only for 500 credits per month.
Now with free charging for your first 1000 kilometers.
...
87.5, Mendell City Bugle FM. Bringing you the latest news, 24/7, straight from the Capital of the Cosmos.
(A bugle sounds triumphantly.)
The Mendell government has announced plans to construct a new metro line connecting District 1 with District 15, burrowing over 28 kilometers of new track underneath the surface.
The announcement comes after the Mendell City Council approved a transportation budget increase for 2466, following unprecedented levels of ridership pushing the city's public transport to its limits.
The mayor is expected to hold a groundbreaking ceremony next week, after which construction will begin immediately.
The announcement was praised by many, but was not without its share of criticism. Of particular contest is the route the tunnels take, which goes straight through District 9, in which many Vaurcae have dug out subterranean towns to dwell in.
It is estimated that the tunnel may displace a significant amount of these underground homes, a prospect which Vaurcae of District 9 are taking to the streets to protest.
Despite these, the city's progress on the line does not seem to be slowing down. Hephaestus Industries has said it will invest 155 million credits into tunnel construction as well as provide the materials needed.
The project is estimated to cost about 305 million credits total.
A warehouse has exploded in District 11, sending debris flying into the air and setting several nearby apartments on fire.
The warehouse on Ruhambe Street, owned by a storage subsidiary of Hephaestus Industries, was believed to have been holding volatile compounds used for a nearby construction project.
These compounds, for unknown reasons, detonated, causing a chain reaction that blew a hole in the roof and spread a fireball to nearby buildings.
The warehouse itself was almost completely destroyed. Fortunately, it happened after closing hours and nobody was inside. The warehouse's night security guards, who were on the perimeter, escaped safely and were unharmed.
As of tonight, the Fire Department has rescued over 300 individuals from their homes, over half of which have injuries such as smoke inhalation or burns. They are being treated at nearby hospitals.
However, at least 100 remain unaccounted for, and tragically at least 4 have died from fire-related injuries so far.
The District struggles with fire protection as buildings go unmaintained and out-of-date; they are typically unable to pay for the refits required to be up to fire code standards.
Hephaestus is cooperating with authorities to determine the cause of the explosion as well as if any negligence was involved.
The company is also sending an inspection team to analyze any structural damages to nearby buildings caused by the fire.
We will update you if any further developments occur with this story.
Bugle will return after these short messages.
...
Life's not always fair. But you can help even the odds... with Mu Cephei Special Reserve Whiskey!
Taste those buttery smooth smoky notes, unlike any other.
Distilled in the finest oak barrels, aged to perfection.
So have a drink, and feel your troubles /slip away./ Mu Cephei Special Reserve. Made by Getmore... with love.
In today's world, your loved ones may be a galaxy away.
Make them feel like they're right next to you with NTNet Solutions' high-speed extranet plans.
Get speeds all the way up to a whopping 10 Tbps and connect to anywhere in human space.
Visit us today or call us at 0589-4993 to get a quote for your home or phone!
Cats, dogs, birds, lizards, schlorrgos -- we have pets from across the galaxy for every prospective owner.
Now offering complimentary vaccinations with every pet purchase! Visit any one of our 30+ locations today!
...
And now for the weather forecast next week.
Mild rain is expected Wednesday and Thursday along with persistent 12-kph winds throughout the week.
Cloudy with occasional sun for the rest of the day as the season slowly transitions to summer.
Average high will be 16 degrees, low 6. If you're just visiting, we recommend bundling up.
Temperatures will be on the rise starting May; now's a good time to start shopping for summerwear.
That's all from the weather for tonight.
87.5, Mendell City Bugle FM. Bringing you the latest news, 24/7, straight from the Capital of the Cosmos.
(A bugle sounds triumphantly.)
More news from Konyang for this evening. The Tau Ceti-Konyang bluespace gate, which the SCCV Horizon has went through earlier, has been repaired. Traffic may now flow freely between the two systems.
The Republic of Biesel has stated it intends to use the gate to send 5 billion credits of relief goods and services to the devastated world, marking the latest in foreign aid packages being sent.
Meanwhile, the Konyang government plans to reopen tourist visas to travelers by mid-May.
Experts say that while Konyang is being swiftly rebuilt, it will take years to fully recover from the damage caused and an indeterminate amount of time to heal the mental wounds its citizens have suffered.
The crisis has caused an approximately 906 billion credits worth of damage worldwide, both from destroyed IPC frames as well as damage to property, such as vehicles.
Unfortunately, with news of the Rampancy outbreak comes the occasional but violent bout of anti-synthetic discrimination and violence.
One of these attacks resulted in the death of an IPC, Miamos-3, who succumbed to damage after being jumped in an alley and attacked wtih makeshift electric weapons.
The attackers, a Skrell, a Tajara and two Humans, all Mendell natives, were subdued by Idris security personnel from a nearby bank and handed over to police.
When asked by media, they claimed the Rampancy crisis as 'vindication' for the anti-synthetic beliefs they have held for so long. One of the humans is of Dominian descent.
Unfortunately, when said security team checked on Miamos, they found that their positronic was damaged beyond repair.
The MCPD has assured this is an isolated incident and that no other attacks of such kind were
The Interstellar Culinary Festival held in Belle Cote has set a new record for the largest outdoor feast.
Featuring dishes from over 200 countries, the festival celebrated global cuisine and culinary innovation.
A first in the festival this year was a competition to make the most 'stunning' 3-course meal for under 250 credits. Over 400 entries were submitted.
In the end, Xanan chef Magaranda Pitthu, who owns the prestigious three Idris-star Shasetra Restaurant in District Two, won.
The winning meal consisted of roast beetroot and goat cheese salad, herb-crusted chicken with mashed potato, and caramelized banana with a spiced rum sauce. The meal came to 246 credits.
The dish will be put up on the menu at Shasetra for 346 credits, its cheapest offering. Chef Pitthu will also receive 100,000 credits as a reward.
If you want to try the dish at the restaurant, just know that reservations are taken two weeks in advance, and walk-in spots are unfortunately rare and hard to find.
We'll be back with more after the break.
...
Save big at Zetamart's weeklong Spring Sale! Get up to 30% off on selected items like clothing, jewelry, or even washing machines!
Now's your chance to get what you've always wanted. All that, and even more, for prices that'll knock your socks off - before putting new ones back on.
Visit Zetamart's 18 locations in Mendell City this week, or shop online!
General Irons' Gym. For when your guns need commanding.
Featuring personal trainers who worked in the military, they'll be sure to make sure you reach your maximum potential!
/'SIR YES SIR!'/
Inquire today! And get fit quick.
...
87.5, Mendell City Bugle FM. Bringing you the latest news, 24/7, straight from the Capital of the Cosmos.
This just in from traffic: three are dead and several are injured after a bus collided with a container truck on the M82 Southbound.
The bus was servicing the B34N line from Chauncey Avenue to Hastings Station. It was carrying 45 people.
Traffic cameras show the container truck suddenly losing control and veering from the rightmost lane into the bus, which was two lanes over.
The accident also took with it a Langenfeld SUV caught in the middle, causing it to spin out. The driver suffered minor injuries.
Unfortunately, three lost their lives in the accident: a 34-year-old Human, a 22-year-old Unathi, and a Bishop IPC.
Police are investigating the cause of the truck's sudden loss of control.
We will report back to you of any updates.

...

