This is 72.4 - Radio Free Ouerea, the voice of the Confederation.
/An energetic jingle/
Your number one Ouerean source for Ouerean news.
Reports are coming in of a massive robbery in Kr'ath - over ten thousand credits' worth of Hephaestus industrial equipment stolen.
Culprits are suspected to have been Aut'akh, but law enforcement has found no concrete leads yet.
Dagamuir mercenaries have been deployed to Hephaestus sites around the planet, citing fear of industrial sabotage.
/Kzzht-../
Radio Free Ouerea - don't touch that dial.
Skrell citizens are concerned about the Nralakk Federation's return to Ouerea, with many believing that 'subversive' Skrell are at risk of abduction or interrogation from Nralakk agents.
The Synod has issued a statement that all Ouereans, regardless of species, are under the protection of the Confederation, and acts of aggression against our citizens will not be tolerated.
The Nralakk delegation has declined to comment.
/Bzzzt-../
Archpriest Azente has declared his support for the humanitarian effort on Moghes, and has called for the Church to do all that it can to help the desperate state of the Wasteland.
Hephaestus stock prices rise .3% today, as the humanitarian programme inspires Spur-wide confidence in the guild's investment.
Synod of Scales votes to outlaw synthetic labor on Ouerea by 2468, Overlord Zik'san in talks with Hegemon Not'zar and Yukal T'zakal on implementation.
/Krrzh-../
Warriors of Liberty projected to win Tr'ha'rem in upcoming election, historically a Revolution's Heirs stronghold. Overlord Zik'san declined to comment.
Sahat divers missing for fourth day, specialist Skrell rescue team deployed into the cavern network.
Reports have come in of a bombing at a Hephaestus factory near Isoz, with the Champions of Moghes claiming responsibility. Law enforcement has yet to apprehend the terrorists.
Venom Hearts Season Six is reportedly a fresh new direction for the series, having premiered to exceptional audience ratings in the Hegemony and Republic of Biesel.
The Third Fleet recently engaged a pirate force near Gekhi, driving them off with minimal casualties. Lord-Admiral Xitac recommended for medal from the Hegemon.
/Zzzzht-../
Radio Free Ouerea - Ouerean news, 24/7.
'Ouerean Defense Force' proposed in Synod, debate continues. Overlord Zik'san expresses skepticism on whether the Hegemony will allow the bill to pass.
Xrem-Lixoq Q'ull unveils new art exhibition in New Skalamar, visited by several Nralakk diplomats.
Stellar Corporate Conglomerate corporations pushing for greater presence in the Hegemony, reportedly blocked by Hephaestus Industries.
High Priest Azandar blesses humanitarian efforts, claims Sk'akh is with 'friends from across the stars'.
Wall Breachers announce new album, coming 2467.
/Bzzh-../
Radio Free Ouerea - giving you the truth since 2409.
Human communities protesting over lack of Synod representation, demand observer positions. Synod yet to comment.
Si'akh demonstration in New Skalamar results in watch deployment to prevent outbreak of religious violence.
Corporate vessels sighted landing on Ouerea, Synod assures public that all activities are monitored and sanctioned.
Fishing League publishes new guidebook to Ouerean fish preparation - rated a must-read by Sinta Articles.
Sarak Ranza and Angeline Beaufort announce new documentary series 'Revolutionary Lives', an 8-part limited series covering the history of the Revolution.
Ouerean fish exports up 13% this past week as Hephaestus opens new aquaculture center in Trizakael.
Ouerean Independence Movement holds rally in New Skalamar, attendance widespread.
/Rrrrkzh-../
Art of the Hunt crew reportedly filming in Riztizkzi Sea, hunting some of the larger aquatic fauna of the region.
Restorationists celebrate arrival of Nralakk delegation, who have so far refused to meet with them.
Revolution's Heirs remain locked in leadership debate, Ozesh Zuruziir calls for unity.
Kr'ath police seal off roads due to discovery of unexploded ordinance.
Polar research vessel 'Merry Wanderer' discovered drifting off northern Azareazi coast - no signs of crew aboard. Investigators remain baffled.
Keepers of Heirlooms announce Last Days of Kres'hanor will end after four seasons.
/Zzzht-../
Radio Free Ouerea - the voice of liberty.
Hephaestus Industries rolls out new hiring campaign for Hegeranzi Starworks, targeting Ouerean engineers.
New Skalamar police seize smuggler vessel, carrying over twenty thousand credits' worth of illegal weaponry.
Sahat dive team remains missing, experts say chances of survival slim.
Phoron shortage remains critical, with civilian use now restricted solely to industries of national importance.
Z'ek tourist vessel rescued by local Skrell fishers after three weeks lost at sea.
Overlord Zik'san honors veterans of Revolution at Pioneer's Plaza.
Over fifty Th'akh shamans congregate in Yiz to try and calm recent storms in Trizkizkzi Sea.
/Krrzhkz-../
Radio Free Ouerea - don't touch that dial.
[RANDOMNOTE] She came to me one morning, [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] One lonely Travakh morning, [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] She sang to me a song of loss, and bleeding stones so cold. [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] I asked her where she came from, [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] She told me it was long long lost, [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] I knew not who she was and yet I felt something so strange. [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] The lady clad in red she smiled, and offered me her hand, [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] She said that she could show me to a new and better land, [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] And there beneath Chanterel's light, my heart was gripped with dread, [RANDOMNOTE]
[RANDOMNOTE] But yet I longed to walk with her, my sweet lady in red. [RANDOMNOTE]
That was Uhszi Ski - Lady in Red.
/Zzzht-../
Aut'akh stronghold raided by Freewater mercenaries under suspicion for Kr'ath heist.
Law enforcement has detained several individuals for questioning.
Synod pledges to maintain order, bill to raise taxes on non-Ouerean guilds enters third day of debate.
Delegation of K'lax gynes reportedly meets with Synod of Scales, no further comment available at this time.
Restorationist rally canceled due to lack of attendance.
House of Medicine scheduled to open new hospital in Um'a'yid.
New Skalamar observatory dome defaced with anti-Nralakk graffiti, local Starkeeper decries it as "slanderous rabblerousing".
Archpriest Azente calls for cross-species conclave to discuss spiritual matters, invites leading human and Skrell religious figures.
Grand Ouerean Cloister announces Sqai'Laaq tournament for next year, invites Skrell from across the stars to participate.
/Krrrzh-../
Radio Free Ouerea - voice of the Confederation
Dagamuir Freewater Private Forces issues official apology for aggressive behavior from security staff at Wall Breachers concert, assures public that those responsible have been reprimanded.
Seamaster developers announce new expansion for the popular video game, thank players for the waves of support recieved.
Hephaestus executive found guilty of multiple counts of corporate embezzlement, sentenced to 20 years in New Skalamar Penitentiary. Yukal T'zakal announces that all stolen assets will be recovered.
/Hrrrrkt./
The Fishing League - hiring new apprentices now! Be a part of the time-honored guild, with competitive pay and Hephaestus-provided benefits!
You're listening to 72.4 - Radio Free Ouerea.
Dagamuir Freewater Private Forces - keeping an eye on you since 2076.
Don't let opportunists ruin the freedom that our people fought for - vote WARRIORS OF LIBERTY! This message paid for by the Warriors of Liberty.
/Zzzt-../
Radical and violent extremists will drag our world to ruin! Vote Revolution's Heirs! This message paid for by Revolution's Heirs.
New Skalamar police arrest several tourists for drunken and disorderly behavior in Pioneer's Plaza.
Emergency services deployed to Trizakael in preparation for approaching storms.
Stellar Corporate Conglomerate vessels reportedly deployed in humanitarian effort to Moghes, concentrated in Wasteland-bordering regions.
Champions of Moghes safehouse raided by New Skalamar police, one suspected terrorist reported in custody.
/Krrrzh-../