For decades now, I have sought wisdom in the bones of those who have come before me. I have walked the cities and the tombs of the Sinta'Mador, who built engines of greatness while the Sinta'Unathi killed one another with swords. In their lives and their deaths, I have seen the truth of the soul, and the path we must walk.
The flesh is weak. This is a truth that is plain to the eye. The flesh grows, it withers, it dies, and within its weakness spirits of great evil may settle, turning good Sinta towards treachery, greed and corruption.
The body is but a vessel for the soul, upon this all agree. But a spirit cannot dwell in perfect harmony with a creation of flesh, flawed and weakened as it is. A spirit must have true control of its vessel, a perfect hybrid of body and soul, material and spiritual. The Mador understood this, though wise as they were they were limited by their time. We are not bound by such limits.
Trust in the strength of steel. Bind it to your soul's vessel, anchor your soul with it, and you will make of your body a fortress within which no evil may dwell. I have done this, and for it been called Guwan, heretic and abomination. They scorn me for my understanding, as they cling to their ignorance.
Look at what spirits of darkness have done to us. They have made us slaughter our own - not of our clans, but our kin nonetheless, our siblings in this precious life. Look at how greed and pride consumed Hegemony and Coalition alike in the Contact War, and you will see the truth. The weakness of our flesh, and the demons that we welcomed within it, are what has led the Sinta'Unathi to ruin, war and death.
I make no claims to be a prophet. I am not blessed, and I am not chosen. The spirits speak to me, as they have spoken to so many others, but I am but Unathi, no greater or lesser than any of you who read these words.
Steel cannot be tempted. Steel cannot be tainted. When a wall is old and crumbling, do we let it fall? Do we call it mutilation to repair it? No, we reinforce it, we build it stronger and better. Why should the same not be done for our own flesh, vessels of that which is most precious?
The priests of the Sk'akh Church condemn me for these words. Their Iron Masks have sought to kill me, and I have been proclaimed a vessel of evil. It simply takes observation to see the truth, and to look at what the Church has done. I have sought to spread knowledge and understanding, and to help the Sinta'Unathi race come to a more enlightened age, as they have schemed for power. Yizra Unzi is not an aberration to the Church of Sk'akh, but its culmination - a so-called priest who cares not for the soul or to improve the wretched state of our world, but solely for his own power.
Some among the faithful call me the Creator of Paradigms. I cannot lie and say that I do not find the title an honor - though it is one that makes me fearful. Have I not said, time after time, to not raise others up above yourself?
I am nothing special, no great leader or prophet. If you seek a living soul to venerate as something divine, do not look to me - look to yourself, and those beside you. That is where you will find the sacred things of this world.
The first augmentation that I constructed has spread widely, now - mirrored glass etched in the runes of the Mador, placed behind my eyes by a loyal friend. Some question its purpose, or think that it has none. It is an anchor for the soul, one that lets me see more clearly beyond this realm, and into what lies beyond. The ancient Mador, too, built such things, and these can be seen in the tombs of the north pole of Moghes, where their bodies lie in silent slumber.
I warn you now, if you follow me you will be hunted. Your fellow Sinta will spit on you as worse than the lowliest of criminals. You will live in hiding, as the brutal arm of the Hegemony will seek to crush you. Find the places of safety that our movement has built. Your life will be made harder if you follow us, and in many lands to even read these words will carry harsh punishment. But you have read anyway. You know that there is more to life than the boundaries that power draws.
For where does all evil lie, if not power? It is spirits of darkness that drive us to seek it, to dominate, to control.Reject this, though it is hard. In the place now known as Aut'akh Valley, I swore to myself that I would never again kneel before my fellow Unathi, nor allow them to do the same before me.
There can be no hierarchy, no division. We are born into this world, time and time and time again, each of us in the same way. What grants the nobility the right to call themselves superior? They are made from the same substance as us all, and they will die the same as us all.
We are each of us born equal. That is a fundamental and inalienable truth.
We must live as equals, not hoarding to ourself the things of this beautiful world that belongs to us all. Where one Sinta has and another has not - this is the birthplace of all that is evil.
What is a Hegemony? An instrument of violence from the powerful against the powerless. It is no better than a bandit clan, save that at the very least a bandit is honest in his intentions. The Hegemony is that most evil of tyrannies, one which claims its rule is a natural state. It is not. It is an institution of greed, violence and war. There is no good that can come from it, and so lnog as it stands we will never truly know peace and freedom.
Rule of bloodline, rule of strength, rule of some divine providence. I reject these lies. I have sworn time and again that I will call no Sinta master save myself, and to never seek dominion over the soul of another.
You have read my words. Many of you will scorn them, but some will understand. To you I say, you are not alone. Seek out those of us who feel the same. Seek Aut'akh Valley, or any of our communes across the stars. Aut'akh is not a religion dictated by words in a book, but a faith of freedom, of equality, and of unity between all Sinta. If these words ring true in your soul, then you are Aut'akh already.