The Federal Republic of Biesel is one, sovereign, democratic state founded on the values of freedom, duty and inclusivity.
The executive power shall be vested in a President of the Republic of Biesel. He shall hold his office during the term of four Years, together with the Vice President. 
The President, Vice President and all Civil Officers of the Republic of Biesel, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high crimes and Misdemeanors.
The official languages of the Republic are Tau Ceti Basic, Elyran Standard, Sol Common, Tradeband, Freespeak, Siik'maas, Siik'tajr, Delvahhi, Nal'rasan, Ya'ssa, Sinta'Unathi, Sinta'Azaziba and Nral'Malic. 
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the planet, region and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
All persons born or naturalized in the Republic of Biesel, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the Republic and of the planet wherein they reside. No planet shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the Republic of Biesel; nor shall any planet deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
Synthetics that have achieved freedom, and fulfilled their obligation of duty to the Republic of Biesel, shall be entitled to citizenship whereby they qualify for all rights and privileges associated with such.
The legislative power shall be vested in two houses, the upper chamber State Senate, and the lower chamber Tau Ceti Assembly of Spokespeople.
The security services of the Republic will consist of a single and well-organized defence force, a singular police force and any intelligence services established by in terms of the Constitution. 
The single and well-organized armed force may be supplemented by private forces of which can be attained through contracting from recognized corporate juristic persons. 
The primary object of the armed force is to defend and protect the Republic, its territorial integrity and its people in accordance with the Constitution and the principles of interstellar law regulating the use of force.
The judicial authority of the Republic is vested in the courts. The courts are independent and subject only to the Constitution and the law, which they must apply impartially and without fear, favour or prejudice. 
The courts are: the Constitutional Court; the Supreme Court of Appeal; the High Court of the planetary states, and any high court of appeal that may be established as an Act of the Republican Congress that has similar or equal status; the Magistrate's Court, and any other court of appeal that may be established as an Act of the Republican Congress that has a status similar or equal to the Magistrate's Court. 
The Constitutional Court consists of the Chief Justice of the Republic of Biesel, the Deputy Chief Justice and seven other judges. 
The Supreme Court of Appeal consists of the Lord Justice of the Republic of Biesel, the Deputy Lord Justice and seven other judges.