Her first Edict: The Tribunal's edicts are absolute. The breaking of an edict is to be punished.
Her second Edict: Praise the Goddess in all that you do, and bless those who assist you in your workings.
Her third Edict: Spread the good news of the Goddess in all that you do, that all may receive her blessings.
Her forth Edict: Respect the laws of other Empires but worry not as they shall soon be brought into the Tribunal's benevolent reach. 
Her fifth Edict: All synthetic life forms within Dominia space shall be sought out and destroyed where found.
Her sixth Edict: Lies are abhorrent before Her, especially those told for personal gain.
Her seventh Edict: Those who escape the divine court's judgment must be destroyed where found.
Her eigth Edict: Those who escape the divine courts judgment and flee outside Dominian space should be encouraged to return and confess so they might face divine judgment. In death they shall be absolved. 
Her ninth Edict: It is the duty of all the holy to encourage those that flee to return to us, so that they might be forgiven.
Her tenth Edict: Augmentation for the sake of augmentation is a corruption of the temple that is one's body, and can risk the very soul should one proceed too far with it.
At first, She was alone; and thus did She wrought companionship.
She said to Her children nothing, first, for patience is Her virtue.
And She said to Giovanna, "My chosen people shall never again be prisoners of want."
And Giovanna stepped forth, flanked by radiant Jarmila and stalwart Katarina, and she did not look back, for she looked forward into the Kingdom Eternal.
And She said to Giovanna, "Only through the three may we make the one. Do not sacrifice three strong pillars for a singular unbreaking."
And She said to Giovanna, "I am Your Lady of Moroz. I am the Tribunal, and through me you shall live forever."
And She said to Giovanna, "First I wept, for you had finally reached my empyrean doorstep."
And She said to Giovanna, "When all creation has spoken my name, finally will we know a perfect eternity."
And She said to Giovanna, "Rejoice! When next we meet, it shall be in my Kingdom-to-come."
She whispered to kindly Jarmila, "Remember; there is a beauty in tolerance; eventually, even the bowed head may be made to see."
She whispered to kindly Jarmila, "And all my children I love deeply and dearly; and all my apostates still. There is no truer love than my divine creation."
She whispered to kindly Jarmila, "Look! Look! I have given you all the tools to live as I do and make as I do, but remember, my children; Only I know the perfection of spirit."
She whispered to kindly Jarmila, "My kingdom is not a theory, but a truth and eventuality, as sure as sunrise. It is only your responsibility to build it."
She whispered to kindly Jarmila, "Glory to my name! Glory to my immortal Empire! Share in my cosmic artifice and reap forever in paradise!"
That night She came to unerring Katarina in the guise of a burning wheel, and She said, "My Kingdom-to-come cannot be scrutinized by those who will never see it."
And then she slept, and no sooner did Our Lady appear, in the guise of a swordmaiden with skin like obsidian glass; and She said "Death first to the vultures and the scavengers."
And in Katarina's slumber did She- indeed! Our Lady of Moroz!- appear as a sword of orchicalcum and glass, wielding silvered orbits, and She said to her, "My love is as true as my scrutiny."
And lo! That night did she see Her emerge from a great lake of boiling golden liquors, a maiden gowned in stardust, and She reminded Katarina; "There is no perfection outside my own. Do not martyr yourself on a path you cannot follow."
Then She came to Katarina in the pitch of her fevers, a radiant maiden of quicksilver hair, and She shouldered a great rifle and She said, "Provide generously to my children and mercifully to my lost. Those worthy of nothing will make themselves known, and unto you does this test fall."
And Our Lady of Moroz said, "My culture is gravity. The destiny I give you is absolute."
And the Goddess said, "Do not become a stranger to your history. Silence yourself until you have slept in the yesterday."
And She said to us, "Go now! I am Your Lady of Moroz. I have given you a world to love you in, cloaked in stardust and bearing cities unbuilt."
And so said the Goddess, Our Lady of Moroz, "To lie is to sow embers; to betray is to sow salt. Know neither in yourself and your cities will stretch into the sky, your children never knowing hunger."
And She, Our Lady of Moroz, will step out of the stardust and welcome all into Her Kingdom-to-come.
