The Solarian menace will enrich themselves at any cost.
The Gadpathurian people will never again fall to Solarian aggression.
Every major conflict of the last four centuries can be directly blamed on the insolence of the Solarian.
Genocide, greed, and violence are all Solarians may know.
Do not trust the Solarian. His lies are gilded blades, ready to strike true at our home.
By the Commander's grace and our nation's blade will the debt we are owed be repaid.
When identifying a Solarian, remember the Commander's wisdom: Let no betrayer pass you by.
No Solarian will ever again set foot on Gadpathur without a price paid in blood.
No quarter. No mercy. No other option.
Never again will the Solarian menace break our world asunder.
Deception is the weapon of the Solarian. Do not falter in its haze.
The strength of Gadpathur is our covenant of forged steel, the final failure of the Solarian empire.
Cadre and kin; blood and iron. A bond shared as we march into infinity.
There can be no rest until the Solarian is battered and beaten, his armies rags and corpses.
Peace can only be taken; it cannot be made.
When Sol is in ashes, only then may we know peace.
The people of the Sol Alliance are not innocents. They are each complicit, by honesty or by deceit, in a great act of ultimate treachery.
We will know peace when Luna is a charred husk and the Solarian government an unremarkable pile against a wall.
The greatest vengeance for our people will be the liberation of the Solarian nation from their chains of empire.
Service to Gadpathur guarantees kinship. Kinship with your allies guarantees victory.
The unity of the Gadpathurian people will triumph forever over the decadent twilight of the Solarian Empire.
Earth will know the righteous pain we have endured in its name, one day. Never again will we fall.
Justice will be found upon our adamantine shield and the bottom of our hearts.
We all must do our part to survive in a cruel universe.
All the blood that has been spilled will be worthwhile if it ends the Solarian Empire.
Nothing is more important than the lives of Gadpathur and her people.
There is blood on the hands of every Solarian 'citizen' who does not fight against their tyranny.
We must never lose sight of what is most important to us: The endurance of Gadpathur despite Solarian aggression.
No weapon can be too evil if it earns even a fragment of justice back for Gadpathur from the Solarians.
We must stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies and our kin against the tide of Solarian imperialism. Never again will they do to a world as they have to ours.
There is great satisfaction in fighting for the eradication of the Solarian, but it is joyless to fight simply for the sake of it.
Perhaps in this universe, there lies redemption for the Solarian Empire for their atrocities against us. If there is, it remains beyond knowledge.
If given the opportunity, someone like Terrence Hopper could arise again within the Solarian Empire. If that is not a flaw of their existence, then what is?
Solarian imperialism will die as it lived, a tumor expunged from the black heart of a dying colossus.