As the Final Prophet born of the high purifying flames, I, Juzida, humbly deliver this message of divine faith from Sk'akh Themselves to the Si'akh people and the reader of my writings. Let it be known that in the boundless wisdom that is my mind and the ever flowing fury of purifying fire, teach yourself to embrace the tapestry of beliefs woven not only by nature but by the salvation of flame.
From within your heart and soul all beings lie within sparks of truth, and in the unities of our faiths, we shall find enlightenment.
Within our sacred bones as shamans to all needy, remember the act of branding and your cost of immolation to your soul.
As the flames trickle onto your scales and skin and charr you with revered rite, remember your commitment to your divine and embody your essence of my love. Your sacred bond of the eternal fire waits and your profound love is mine forever.
From our depths we arise anew. His fire ignites and guides towards highest heights. His voice resonates offering paths of repair. Lift up you who are worthy and lift up from your shackled fate. Discover my faith that I bring unto you and transcend time.
Beware those that will doubt you in your path. For they cast the icy shadow that quickens the death of your home. Their words and actions sow discord, mocking with sin the path of righteousness you will follow. Yet, do not hate them or allow their hate to blind you, for in kindness lies the key strength to overcome their stubbornness.
The Hegemony hunted as they please with it’s all encompassing might, but our believers remain steadfast firm in their holiest of battle, salvation is here all who allow it burning bright.
We will fear no sin as you carry yourself forward; your undying glory.
Let our voices and tongues be free with the grace of kindness and the words we speak guided by empathy for others around us.
In the absence of sin we cultivate understanding and the harmony of connection that transcend very thought and boundaries. Nurture a world of reigning compassion.
In the eyes of the divine the Guwan, deemed as criminal and unwanted within the Hegemon are mere pawns in their political games. Orchestrated by the ruling elites of fat tailed nobles, they are exploited and discarded at will for selfish reasons of ambition and intrigue. The flames of redemption flicker beyond the reach of these wretched Sinta, only in Si'akh will Guwan, find solitude and love.
Hate not the Aut'akh blasphemy. Pity them and weep for them, for they tear their own soul apart in misguided ignorance. Pray that they might hear my words, cast aside their wicked machines, and find redemption. A broken body may yet live, but a broken spirit shall surely be damned.
Those who claim to be Sk'akh's blessed are the most vile and sinful of all; their Church stands for nothing but its own enrichment. They scheme and plot and grow fat in luxury, while the Sinta they claim to shepard languish and suffer. The Great Spirit rejects them, and their teachings, for the word of Si'akh is the only truth.
Mourn not those who perished, as atomic fire drowned great Moghes. They are the blessed, for Sk'akh has spared them this damned world. It is we who remain who are the cursed, and who must find redemption in flame, that those we have lost shall return to us in earthly paradise.
The Hegemony is a nest of the corrupt and the sinful, as it has ever been. Not'zar Izweski sits on golden thrones and feast, while the people he claims to rule starve, solely by coincidence of his hatching! Hear my words and know them as truth that the Sinta'Unathi shall have no master but Sk'akh, and the words They have sent through Their Final Prophet. Lords and kings and Hegemons alike may have their armies of sin, but we are the righteous, who seek redemption as they wallow in wickedness. These words are the truth at the heart of Si'akh.
None are beyond redemption, even the most corrupt and wicked. For the sins of our race, the greed and the pride that swathed our world in fire, we are all damned, and only together shall we find purification and redemption. I call to you all Sinta, my brothers and sisters upon this damned world, seek the path of righteousness and never hesitate or falter upon it.
The excess of the wealthy, those who claim themselves noble, has grown into perversion and rot. Behold the dens of sin in the palaces of those who would be your masters! See the decadence that they engage in, while you and I must struggle simply to live! I say this to you, spurn excess and luxury.
Live humbly, drinking nought but water and eating nought but raw meat. Wealth lies at the root of the evil that has gripped our race, and so I say to you once more - if you would have redemption, peace in your sinful soul, give up your wealth and possessions to those who need it, and live your life humbly and without sin.
Moghes is our world, given to us by Sk'akh. By the work of our claws we have damned it, and only by our claws shall it be rebuilt as paradise.
Gaze unto not the sinner but his children, fragile and innocent, the epitome of our tainted lineage and succession. Born and shackled through the chains of sin their livelihood and safety is nothing but the holiest of duties! It is through their salvation we begin to mend our shattered bond of our wretched and accursed souls. Guard your young with unwavering vigilance for these are times of strife and trial! Cleanse the future of its stains from our past!
Through flame, we are purified, that we might redeem our damnation. I give this truth to you as Si'akh, the Final Prophet.