Glory is given to Sk'akh, Great Spirit, Three of One. In Their kindness, They give to us the world entire.
For it is written that in the ancient days, when Moghes was young, the world was a place of chaos, where the stars fell from the sky. The strongest Warrior, the wisest healer and the most industrious fisher came together, and declared that order should reign in such a chaotic world. Their souls formed Sk'akh, who is the custodian of creation, the source of duty and purpose.
He holds the stars in the sky, ensures that the river flows and the arrow flies. She formed the Beastlands, the Chained Wastes, and all other realms, which are as numerous as the stars. They taught the Unathi to work together, as Their aspects once did. Thus was the world we know born.
Threefold is the Great Spirit, and Threefold are the Sinta people. The Aspects must be in balance, or tragedy shall surely come to us all.
The Empire of Sk'akh is the Beastlands, a paradise granted to the righteous. Those who live in goodness and righteousness, and endure the sins of others, they may live here forever in great harmony. It is a land of plenty and beauty, where the righteous may live until they wish to join themselves to Sk'akh, to guide those yet to come.
For the wicked, only the Chained Wastes await, to be bound to hot and scorching sand, as the pain they have created through their sin in life shall be reflected back upon them. The vengeful spirits shall flay the scales from their flesh, they shall spill their blood upon the sand, and they shall know no respite, save should they hold some righteousness in their hearts and embrace the patience and mercy of Sk'akh.
In His form as the Warrior, who is called Mukari, Sk'akh guides those who fight for righteousness. Should you fight with honor, He shall bless your arm with strength, and His sword shall fight with you.
In Her form as the Healer, who is called Simi, Sk'akh brings life, death and learning alike. She is the great teacher, and those who seek knowlege shall find what they seek written in Her holy tome. To those who would save a life, take comfort in that your cause is righteous, and that She will smile upon your efforts evermore.
In Their form as the Fisher, who is called Verrix, Sk'akh brings the great cycle, of seed and of sickle alike. Let Them bless you, should you find honor in the labor of your claws. Let Their bounty come upon you, as the world itself is Their blessing. Though the work shall be hard, They look with favor upon those who show their true dedication.
Give well and give faithfully to the Church, that the word of Sk'akh might persist. Do not regret such things, for they are ephemeral. The blessings that Sk'akh shall offer to the righteous are eternal.
Know that Sk'akh lays out the path for every soul in their life. Spurn those who would alter a hatchling before it is even born, save to save its life from spirits of darkness, for such modifications are the height of arrogance. We are but mortals, and to claim that we know our paths better than the Three of One is nothing but arrogant blasphemy.
The bodies that we are given are sacred beyond measure, made by Sk'akh's own hand to guide our souls through this life. Each of us is perfection, sculpted by the glorious and the divine. Do not seek to improve upon it, or to replace it with crude constructs; you are whole and holy as the Great Spirit has made you.
Pity those who take refuge in constructed things, such as the heretics of Aut'akh. In their pride they have damned themselves, and should they not seek redemption their souls are dust, cast to the Chained Waste.
Do not listen to those who embrace chaos, and claim that our universe is but uncaring chance. These are lies that strip the hope of the proud Sinta. There is an order to our days, and it is the will of Sk'akh, ordained threefold.
Marriage is a blessing of Sk'akh, to bind the Unathi people together. The Warrior smiles upon marriage between men, as the Healer smiles upon marriage between women, and as a man and a woman are blessed by the Fisher.
Spirits of the truly evil may escape the Chained Wastes, to torment the children of Sk'akh in the mortal world. Be wary of such spirits, and know that they are insignificant before the might of Sk'akh, that which may drive them back into the dark.
The faith of Sk'akh shall have its defenders. Those who swear themselves to the Aspect of the Warrior shall be armored in righteousness, and they shall be His sword against all that is evil. They shall know not pain or fear, and shall be a shield to the righteous and a scourge to the sinful.
Those who shall swear to the Healer shall be blessed with understanding the intricacy of all Sk'akh's creations great and small alike, and shall be called to the keeping and preservation of life. They shall maintain Her creation, and as such shall know true glory.
Those who shall swear to the Fisher shall be guides and teachers, showing Their goodwill to all Sinta. The knowledge that they shall keep is that which brings life, and it will show the path of Sk'akh to all those who wish to see it.