Force is the universal language of the galaxy, it is the only language the enemies of the Tajara people will understand.
An armed people are a people who will never be slaves.
We, the Tajara of Adhomai, reject xeno imperialism and puppet governments.
The Adhomai Liberation Army keeps to the vision of the great Rhagrrhuzau Hadii, an Adhomai built by Tajara for Tajara.
Attack aliens wherever you find them, destroy the assets of corporations, mobilize against their puppets, lynch the hidden agents they embed in our society.
Adhomai's freedom will only come from the barrel of a gun.
No one has the right to steal what belongs to Adhomai and its people. They must protect their right to self-determination through all means.
The Hadiist Party failed to uphold Al'marii's vision. They were corrupted by greed and have become the same as their pre-revolution oppressors.
Religion is what separates Tajara from the beast and from the alien, our faiths are what we carry with us to lift our hearts and strengthen our minds.
Whether you fight with a gun or your fist, you are a liberator as long as you fight for Adhomai’s freedom.
The megacorporation is a poison unleashed on the galaxy by alien rabble, and Al’mariism is the antidote.
The movement of Al’mariism must draw from all rungs of society and all peoples. The poor, the wealthy, the m’sai, the zhan-khazan, the hharar, the old, and the young.
President Al’marii Hadii had spoken about the Tajara negotiating with the galaxy on their terms, but where is that equality now?
The Hadiist monoculture will destroy what makes us Tajara. It is a plot to turn all Tajara into puppets.
The so-called “President” is an insult and betrayer of his brother’s ideals, the people, and Adhomai.
The galaxy, in time, will learn to fear the might of the Tajara.
A single-party system stifles the diversity of views, and in turn, encourages the use of brutes like the PSIS.
The influence of the army in politics is a bulwark against traitors and the vile alien.
As a removed brick can topple a foundation, so can a single act of sabotage bring about the collapse of the corrupt Hadiist party.
The Adhomai Liberation Army marches for the good of the people, all the people, not fat bureaucrats sitting in the same mansions we burnt in the First Revolution.
Liberation can only come from the barrel of a rifle.
It is better to die for a great cause than to serve and be a slave to aliens.