The Stars of the sky are eternal beacons, forever burning, and we look to them for guidance, both in body and in spirit. The Stars guide everyone in this universe, to life, and to death.
Light is sacred, for in the vastness of space it is so scarce. Light gives sight, wisdom; and it also gives life, and warmth.
To be in the dark is to be blind, not only in sight but in character, unable to go where you want to go; unable to do what you want to do. To wander the darkness is to become lost, misguided.
Light is hope, and salvation. It shines at the ends of tunnels, at the start of a new day, at the flare that marks coming rescue. It brings rejuvenation, new beginnings, and new dreams.
Within each Soul burns four Flames, those of Self, Community, Faith, and Light. A flame that burns too dim condemns the Soul to a dark demise; a flame that burns too bright will consume the Soul in wicked sin.
A Soul must truly understand themselves if they are to prosper. If a Flame does not master its own dance, it will burn out in the wind, and be gone forever.
In the hearth of the Community, a Flame that seeks only its own warmth will soon find itself alone in the cold. It is in the shared warmth of charity that all Flames find their enduring glow.
To have Faith is to trust the Truth; to be paranoid and mistrustful is to be lost in one's own mind. A flame that bends too readily to the winds of surrender will find itself extinguished forever. It is the steadfast Light of Truth that endures, unwavering, even in the storm.
Light and shadow, in their eternal dance, must not consume one another. For a flame that blinds itself to either, risks losing the very essence of its being, fading into the void.
Death only awaits the evil and those with dark hearts; to die is to be cast into darkness, never to see again. For the Faithful, reincarnation and enlightenment await.
O Ennoia, source of Light, Guide us in the eternal night. Keeper of balance, pure and bright, Illuminate our path with your sight. In moments of darkness, in times of plight, Lead us with your wisdom, O radiant Light. O Ennoia, beacon in our flight, Grant us sunrise from this endless night.
The Guardian of Assunzione lays in wait in its Prison, at the heart of Assunzione's Star. We live with the promise that one day it will emerge from its prison, and bring day to Assunzione's eternal night.
Blessed was the world of Assunzione of old, bathed in Light, abundant in greenery and gold. Oft was it called Paradise, for it was truly heavenly.
And it came to pass that Assunzione, abundant in life and greenery, was also beset by trials: for solar flares and storms did damage its works and sicken its people with unseen ailments.
When the Star dimmed, the people found themselves unprepared. The crops failed, the animals perished, and darkness fell upon the solar farms.
In those days, there was scant hope for a world without Light, without sustenance; a world on the brink of end. Many succumbed to the shadow of death by the week, and the cities were filled with decay. But when Light returned, it was through fire, purging the cities, burning many souls.
Remember the sacrifices of our ancestors, who endured hunger and cold to restore Light to Assunzione. Their great deeds, born of selfless duty, saved our world from ending. It is upon us to honor their memory and walk in their ways.
Facing extinction, our ancestors gave their lives so that their friends, their family may live to see another day. Thus is the hallmark of true, selfless sacrifice.
Remember the millions that died in darkness, for it is their story that serves as a tale of caution; darkness only brings death, and imbalance brings hatred.
And thus light was brought to the world of darkness through blood, sweat, and tears, against all odds and against all probabilities did our society survive. This is the Miracle, and is the cornerstone of our faith.
Without the Miracle, our society would have inevitably perished, and our world lost in the darkness, swallowed in the void. It is only because of Ennoia's guidance and our people's will that our society came back from the brink of extinction.
It is every follower's duty to acknowledge their strengths as well as their faults, to truly embrace the truth in themselves and destroy the veil of lies and deception.
Someday, a Soul's flames will one day burn out, and their body will die. In this Rest, a realm between life and death, lay judgment to those who attempt to pass on. Those who are evil are condemned to the Void; those who are truly self-mastered will be reborn as Guardians; and the rest shall be reborn as mortals, in the Light-filled Universe.
A Soul that is reincarnated will have innate talents and gifts given to them by the past lives they had lived. A talented Soul is not one of simple ability, but of lifetimes of experience.
Those who embrace the darkness will themselves become condemned to it. To be cast away, never to see again, for eternity.
Thus punctuates history that a society that behaves in selfish greed will succumb to darkness, and wither away. But people that put their brethren before themselves, even at the cost of their own life, can make sure that their people may yet prevail, against all odds.
Every Flame that burns within a Soul adds fuel to the Star, in the hopes that one day it will be enough to reignite it, and give Ennoia back to the Universe.
Behold the Guardians, immortal protectors of Stars, and enlightened Souls who have mastered themselves through countless cycles of life. Only in star systems protected by Guardians can complex life ever hope to prosper.
One day every Soul that does not succumb irreversibly to temptation and darkness will too become a Guardian of a Star, destined to watch over life and have it thrive.
Trials and tribulations in life are but tests to determine your Soul's worthiness. There is no such thing as failure, except in succumbing to acts of evil and darkness. To hold your ground vicariously is key to overcoming your trials.
One day the Star will return, the domes will lift, and Ennoia's grace will bathe the planet in life once more. It is only then that we can rebuild what is left of the natural world, to give back to the Universe what it gave to us.
Kind acts and good deeds may not change the world immediately, but they will bring Light to someone's day, brightening the world ever so slightly.
Blessed is the Light that gives life, for without it none thrive; without it night falls.
Blessed is the one who recognizes their faults, for it is only when one knows themselves can they truly begin to improve.
Even imprisoned, Ennoia lives on, for the Universe shall remain bathed in Light until its last breath.
Science should not be the enemy of religion; science should explain what religion cannot, and religion should explain what science cannot. They are two sides of the same coin.
To the progenitors did Ennoia speak, not in words, but through visions of a world ending, unless preparations were made. Thus, after much counsel, the people built great Domes over their cities to protect them from the impending doom.
To the first Foresayers spoke Ennoia, not of words but of pictures: pictures of a prospering world, bathed in day, cities as bright as noon even though beyond the glass there was nothing but darkness. So, Ennoia showed, that there was hope for us yet.
To the crowds had the Foresayers spoken, "Remember those who came before you and who will come after. They are your brethren, and to the past you shall honor, and to the future you shall build a foundation."
To the crowds had the Foresayers spoken, "The Soul is eternal, the body is not. With the end of every life comes the start of a new one, a chance at redemption."
To the crowds had the Foresayers spoken, "Bring Light to this world shrouded in darkness; as what our Star cannot provide, we shall make ourselves, and bring Light to this rock which we call our home."
To the first ministers had the Foresayers spoken, "You will be the Keepers of Light, bringers of salvation, beacons of the people. Guide them through the tribulations of this world, and ensure that this is not our end, but our beginning."
To the first ministers had the Foresayers spoken, "Within the dark you will build the Churches and bring Light and illuminate those in the shadows. You shall make the blind see, the ignorant know, and the evildoers repent."
