Ethnic, cultural, and religious differences have been used by the nobility to stop the Tajara people from uniting against the oppression, but these barriers have finally been broken during the Revolution.
As history shows them, the establishment of a united Adhomai under a Hadiist state is necessary to secure the future of the Tajara.
They must abandon their past sectarianism and work as one, as together the Tajara are undefeatable.
Hadiism will shape all aspects of their lives for the better.
The Tajara will be powerful and free as long they are guided by the Party.
The Tajara people must quickly close the historical gap between them and the rest of the galaxy. Only a strong leader and a nation working under his guidance can achieve this.
Only the faith in the will of the Tajaran people is the only faith worth believing in.
The road to the future of the Tajara was paved with the sacrifice of countless revolutionaries; they must continue their work no matter the cost.
We must engage with aliens and their nations as equals, to learn from their accomplishments and their mistakes.
A Tajara’s birth can no longer determine their standing; only in Hadiism could one rise higher and higher.
Women were trapped in their lives under the nobility, but in our new Adhomai the inequality between genders will be erased.
The worker is the backbone of Hadiist society.
A singular party ensures that the state is not bogged down in electoral politics.
New farming techniques of collectivization will ensure food for all, and none will go hungry again.
The Hadiist army is the people’s army, the defenders of revolution who remain vigilant against our enemies.
We will never forget those who gave their lives to establish the Hadiist state we all now enjoy.
Our reach will extend to the stars and beyond, Hadiism is inevitable.
A single culture is a culture united against all hardships.
As President, he is the leader of the Tajaran people and the one who can guide them to greater heights. This is a responsibility that he will bear.
Our future is bright under Hadiism, prosperous times are guaranteed.
For the Tajara people to be successful, they must quickly close the technological gap between Adhomai and the rest of the galaxy. They must not spare any resources in this mission.
The Party will be a new guiding sun to all of Adhomai. Its lights opens the way to a great future ahead of them.