Lessons from the past must be molded with the present for the Tajara to have a proper future.
Radicalism leads to cycles of pogroms, violence, war, and hate. It is only through a peaceful transition that we may all enjoy the fruits of prosperity.
The sovereign of a nation is the ideal of its citizenry and government put into one, an idol who can lead the Tajara like none other could.
We are unique in our races and cultures, each must be preserved through encouragement of staying in their natural place.
An ordered society is a peaceful and stable one, it is only through the destructive flames of revolution that the great Steeple Peace on Adhomai was broken.
Despite the efforts of the revolutionary regimes, they have all failed to bring peace and prosperity to Adhomai. They must adapt what has existed instead of destroying it whole.
The tyranny of the old kingdoms was their downfall. The People's Republic is no different; the Hadiist state will soon meet the same fate as the monarchies.
A ruler must be wise and bound to the law agreed upon by all its subjects. A constitution must safeguard the Kingdom and its institutions.
Society will always have tiers to it, it is folly to reject this as a lie, it is wise to accept this.
The Azunja dynasty was the only upon Adhomai to summon such fervor from its population; Where other peasants rebelled against corrupt masters, mine had stood defiantly with my father even during our fall.
Stability hails from a just monarch and his lineage.
The beast of radicalism is always seeking to devour more from the innocent.
The enemies of Hadiism today will become its victims, and the supporters of Hadiism today will eventually become its enemies.
Structure distills discipline, discipline brings prosperity.
Democracy must be gradually cultivated to ensure that it operates in a way that is best for society.
Systems built upon violence shall always be willing to use violence on the innocent.
The Hadiist state assigns guilt but it itself is guilty, and a guilty system recognizes no innocents.
Under a segmented society, respect is given to all who live within it, and all cultures that reside within it are allowed to thrive.
The Suns shine upon Adhomai and always shall, our religion and faiths care for us as a parent cares for their child.
Through every piece of suffering inflicted upon the Tajara we continue to endure, and endure we shall until Adhomai knows the peaceful reign of a proper leader once more.
A new prosperous Adhomai can only built by mixing what is worth in the past and the future. Destroying anything because it is part of the old is a dangerous path.
The Tajara must free themselves from the curse of extremism.