Do not let another sit in need, for we shall treat those others as the Suns shine on us, without restraint and with purest of intentions.
Find those to your side and join in family, as S’rendarr is to Messa you shall be unto your others, together in unison.
His light is of energy, boundless and reckless. Embrace his life unto your own, but mind your control. It is the mark of the juvenile yet to mature, the one who cannot control S’rendarr’s light as it shines.
Her call is not one to fear. She means well unto you, the shepherd of us in life and death. Only those of vanity could fear such a call, and claim her wisdom, boundless as it be, fails to know when your time is right.
It is not the burden of all you meet that your matters of close regard should be shared. Find solace in knowing the weight you carry, and trust that S’rendarr will give you the strength to bear it true.
Let the light of the Twin Suns guide you, for they will provide all you need. Fear not the unknowing, for Messa will explain. Fear not the strength, for S’rendarr will aid. All struggles will have their end. Do not fall to those who fear the light, and find the jaws of it as warmth. It is far from this, for it will provide nothing but hollow truths.
It is in her wisdom that we follow those who wield his strength to lead. They shall not be seen as the shepherd, but the guide. One of good heart and mind, carrying him and her upon their burden, to bring those of their charge onward.
She has taught us well in our times of grace. We know our duties and place. Know it well, and be wary the chase for fleeting thoughts.
We find our differences as S’rendarr and Messa, with our natural duties as clear as their light. Ignore not the caretaking of her and the labor of him.
Those who journey to her forever are in her charge and warmth. It is prudent to respect her and them, for they are beyond you.
It matters little where you are. Their light will find you. It is within you, the energy of life. Go beyond and dispel your worry.
Their light does not shed away the unknown. It is a beacon to which we return when we go beyond the known.
Call upon their names as you would a parent. Guides to your life, aides to your struggles. S’rendarr and Messa are not foreign to their calls, so use them well and see their light.
The light of S’rendarr and Messa do not shed away the questions of life. But their light shines upon the path to take them.
In S’rendarr and Messa’s blessed hands rests authority, for they are the ones who are most capable of everything.
There are no gods higher than S’rendarr and Messa, and no calling greater than to heed their words.
Wickedness hides in the darkness of this world and the hearts of men. Shine their light to dispel the darkness and bask in its warmth.
The Soldier’s Wife sheds tears for all of her children. It is the duty of the faithful to lessen the pain of their fellows, and to lessen the pain of Messa.
There is always hope beneath the light of the suns. Do not fret at the horrors of this world, o child! Your guardians watch from above.
Gather the community to take part in love and happiness. The harshness of the world does not matter when we are together.
His light brings the blossoming of life upon Adhomai. Plants bloom, children are born, and the snows recede before S’rendarr.
Glory unto the Prophet Dirrnavirr'Almalik, the vanquisher of ignorance and the luminary of S’rendarr and Messa.