[RANDOMNOTE] /A Little Tajaran Electro swing brief intro plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Good morning, Little Adhomai and beyond! They are listening to the Adhomai-Ceti Connection!
This is their host, Adhamyra, speaking live from District Six!
They are live to bring the latest news from Adhomai and Tau Ceti.
They will begin their first transmissions with some news from their neighborhood.
The Long Eclipse Club confirmed that they will be hosting another edition of the Little Adhomai Spring.
This music festival is one of the most awaited events in Little Adhomai.
A new Tajaran synthetic music group, the Haralampiev Brothers, has confirmed their presence!
The pair has released many hits in the extranet but has yet to publicly appear.
This Little Adhomai Spring will certainly be one of the biggest!
They have some news from home, Adhomai.
A think tank operating in Crevus has released a study about the ongoing Adhomian arms races.
The paper warns about the faction of the growing risk of a nuclear conflict.
With no measures towards the creation of a treaty peace, the specialists believe that another global conflict is inevitable.
They urged the nations and the galactic community to cooperate towards restricting the production of weapons of mass destruction.
They can only hope their leaders listen to this warning…
Now a word from one of their local sponsors.
[RANDOMNOTE] /Some Tajaran folk music plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Ever miss the taste of home?
Or just want to forget some bad memories?
The Bochonok Brewery is here for them, friends!
Their mead is the same as they brewed at home, come try it!
They also make deliveries.
[RANDOMNOTE] /A Little Tajaran Electro swing brief intro plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
They are back live with more news from Little Adhomai!
The Little Adhomai Crime Museum has inaugurated a new section dedicated to the Bayonet Hand sightings of 2463.
The exposition will cover the deaths that happened in Mendell City and other areas in Tau Ceti, including the NSS Aurora and the Grand Romanovich Casino.
The museum promised to bring new information regarding the case, some of which were not even reported by the media.
The urban legend fans out there are not going to miss this one!
Now let them listen to some calls from their listeners!
They will talk a little about what is happening in Little Adhomai.
/Phone dial tone.../
Hello! Who is speaking?
/Hello. This is Rhazakmir speaking!/
Welcome to the Adhomai Ceti-Connection! Tell them a bit about their day.
/Ah, yes. A lot of trouble, he says./
Ah, interesting. What happened?
/First, he was awakened one hour before his alarm because of a shootout!/
Security is indeed a problem, but she guesses it is better than some years ago, no?
/Then, he is late to work because the bus drivers spend half an hour arguing with a passenger about President Hadii's succession./
Politics is something important, but they should not let it set them back in life.
/He is now eating his lunch, which is cold because someone decided to microwave a fork to see what happens./
Aha, it seems he works with some inquisitive souls!
/He thinks they are all idiots, like most people living in this Sun-forsaken district…./
Adhamyra thinks their time is over with this one.
Her thanks for talking with them.
Next one now!
/Phone dial tone.../
Hello! They are live!
/Hello, comrade. This is Dharmyna!/
Glad to have her on the Adhomai Ceti-Connection. Tell them what they are doing today!
/Yes, she is working hard. She bakes Avah to sell./
Oh, Adhamyra loves Avah! Does she sell them on the streets?
/No, they have a bakery in the President Hadii Living Complex./
When did she arrive at Tau Ceti? And from where?
/Her family came here in 2459 because their city was invaded by the ALA. They are from Sren'dul./
She hopes they can return home someday.
/She is working hard to get enough credits to go back. They are waiting for the unification too./
It will end well, she is sure. Thanks for telling them.
That is all from their calls for today.
To all telenovela aficionados out there, Astray Spirits has confirmed another season.
Personally, she is a big fan and does not miss a single episode.
Adhamyra does not understand people who search for what is going to happen before it airs.
But each to their own, in her opinion.
Her time is up now, listeners.
Thanks for listening to Adhomai-Ceti Connection!
Tune in tomorrow for more news from Adhomai and Little Adhomai!