[RANDOMNOTE] /Some serious synthetic music plays./ [RANDOMNOTE]
Welcome all, this is D6 Citizen Radio.
They are sorry for the silence in the past two days.
They had to move some of their equipment to avoid detection by the local corporate police.
Now they are in a much safer location to continue broadcasting.
They would also like to thank for the support of the community.
Without the help of the Tajara living in this system, the D6 Citizen Radio would not exist.
The Tajaran spirit is truly indomitable!
Now, for some important news from Little Adhomai.
They had some minor shootings this morning.
Likely caused by some small gangs trying to take control of some territory.
Some areas may have changed hands as far as reports go.
They can probably check the new borders in the proper applications.
Some listeners are reporting a police raid two blocks south of Great Plaza Warehouse.
Better stay inside and alert.
The MCPD is probably angry that they did not get their monthly bribery.
Remember to not collaborate with the police; they are not their friends.
The MCPD only exists to control them.
Now their daily dose of the facts with Mendell's Truth!
[RANDOMNOTE]/An Adhomian war song urging ALA partisans to crush the alien plays./[RANDOMNOTE]
Welcome, all seekers of truth!
This is their host, Razamyr.
Today they will be speaking about how corporations keep them in poverty.
First of all, the megacorps control the economy of this planet.
All other businesses are illegal and can be shut down.
Open something that is not owned by the SCC? Jail!
They can argue that it is just the economy.
But, no! If they control the money, they control the politics.
Dorn is a corporate puppet.
He is more of a sellout than President Hadii.
Remember when Al'mari tried to cut the wings of corporations in Adhomai?
They killed him.
And the worst of all?
The skrell, the Ratajani, are great friends with corporations.
Many of them are CEOs and have high-ranking positions.
Every time he checks who has risen to some important position, it is nearly always a skrell.
It is never a Tajara.
They are keeping them out of all opportunities, they will remain stuck in poverty and subservient.
Did they know that Raskara Dust was invented in a Zeng Hu lab?
However, there are many Tajara who know about this.
Supreme Commander Nated should be their example.
The Liberation Army expelled the corporations from their territory.
All Tajara should also be working towards the same goal, even in Tau Ceti.
It is time they take back what they built.
This district is already its own world.
But they are never given anything, they only take from Little Adhomai.
It is time to fight back!
He hopes they enjoyed this great message.
Keep fighting against oppression anywhere they are!
[RANDOMNOTE]/An Adhomian war song praising underage soldiers plays./[RANDOMNOTE]
What an inspiring message!
They are now back with their regular broadcast.
There are some interesting news from the streets.
A group of Greasers are planning an expedition to the sewers to hunt down a geist.
They think the creature is real after one of their members vanished down there.
This is a big opportunity for all adventures in Little Adhomai to explore the tunnels a bit more.
They wish them luck down there, it will be needed.
Besides these small happenings, Little Adhomai has been awfully quiet lately.
It seems like the quiet before the storm, no?
Even if anything happens, they will still be here for them.
Now, they need to sign off to let some of their equipment cool off.
Stay alert, people of District Six!