/Kzzzzhhhrrtttt.../
Be advised, #3 warp gate in Danube System remains closed for maintenance until November.
Please redirect to #2 gate.
Anticipate waits of up to one day.
The National Defense Force appreciates your patience in this matter.
/Kkkkzzzhhhrrrrtttt.../
Be aware that all civilian vessels must have their transponders active within Solarian space at all times.
Failure to comply may result in search and seizure by Navy vessels.
Registered owners may be held in custody if contraband is discovered.
Your safety is our priority.
/Bzzzzhhhhrrrttttt.../
Civilian vessels are advised to be aware of restricted flight space near Imperial Fleet facilities on Zhurong.
Entry into restricted space will result in vessel detention.
Refusal to comply may result in the use of force.
/Ssszzzhhrrrttttt.../
Please be prepared for mandatory inspection upon docking in New Suez.
Your cooperation is appreciated in this matter.
Report any suspicious activity to the Elyran Navy on band ONE ZERO FIVE POINT EIGHT.
Again, report suspicious activity to the Elyran Navy on band ONE ZERO FIVE POINT EIGHT.
/Bzzzzzzkkkhhhhttttt.../
The Imperial Fleet ensures safety in the Badlands. We are the sword and shield of the Empire.
Obey all laws while in Imperial space and you will be free to conduct business.
Goddess protects.
/Kssssshhhttttt.../
All intelligent synthetic equipment is to remain onboard its vessel while in Imperial space.
The only exception is for evacuations.
Contact the nearest customs station for further inquiries.
/Bzzzkkkkhhhhttttt.../
Dock 52 on New Suez is currently undergoing routine maintenance. Inbound vessels are to proceed to dock 53 unless instructed otherwise by orbital traffic control.
Please control your speed within Suezi airspace. Accidents can be prevented.
Contact the port authority for additional information.
/Ksssshhhhtttttt.../
Vessels are advised to avoid space above the Imperial Territory of Fisanduh.
This is a restricted zone.
Vessels in this area are subject to search and seizure by the Fleet.
/Bzzzzhhhhttttt.../
Please report all pirate sightings to the Solarian Navy.
Do not attempt to engage these vessels.
The Navy is authorized to provide bounties for confirmed sightings reported to them.
Utilize band ONE TWO EIGHT POINT SEVEN to report sightings.
Again, utilize band ONE TWO EIGHT POINT SEVEN.
/Ksssshhhhhttt.../
Free positronic intelligences are to remain aboard their vessels while docked at Solarian ports.
Those who leave their vessels do so at their own risk.
The Solarian Alliance does not recognize synthetic self-ownership.
The Southern Solarian Reconstruction Mandate recommends all vessels operating from nations recognizing synthetic self-ownership advise their crews of this.
/Kzzzhhhhttt.../
Report any suspicious activity to the nearest Elyran Navy vessel.
Fighting privateering is every vessel’s duty.
Only together can we make a safer Orion Spur.
/Bzzzhhhhtttttt.../
